# Raise an AI Inquiry

Submit your questions about AI systems, models, or datasets and their business applications.

## Overview

Raising an AI inquiry lets you submit questions about AI systems, models, or datasets and their business applications. The inquiry is routed to the AI inquiry team, who provide the insights and support you need.

## Role Required

- `sn_ai_case_mgmt.ai_case_business_user`

## Procedure

1. Navigate to **All > Self-Service > Employee Center**.
2. On the Employee Center landing page, select **Help center > Technology services**, and then select **AI assets** from the Technology services topics section.
3. Select the **Raise an AI inquiry** card.
4. On the form, fill in the fields. For a description of the field values, see the [Raise an AI Inquiry Form](#raise-an-ai-inquiry-form) section below.
5. Optional: To add attachments, select **Add attachments**.
6. Optional: To save the form as a draft and edit it later, select **Save as Draft**.
7. Select **Submit**. The form is saved and an AI inquiry is created.

## Raise an AI Inquiry Form

Use the Raise an AI inquiry form in the Employee Center to submit your questions about AI systems, models, or datasets and their business applications.

The following table describes the field values.

### Details

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **Name** | Unique name for the AI inquiry. For example, *Am I allowed to use sensitive personal data for training our AI model, and what precautions should be taken to ensure data privacy?* |
| **Description** | Description about the AI inquiry in detail. For example, *Gaining clarity on the permissible use of sensitive data and the necessary measures to safeguard it during AI model training.* |
| **Priority** | Urgency of the AI inquiry. It allows the AI inquiry team to triage requests effectively and respond based on how critical the request is. The options are: Critical, High, Moderate, Low, Planning. |
| **Requested By** | Name of the person who raised the request. |
| **Requested on behalf of** | Name of the person that you created the request for. |
| **Business Unit** | Business unit that is affected by the AI inquiry. For example, *Sales*. |
| **Location** | Location where the request was raised. For example, *Japan*. |

## Result

The inquiry is assigned to the AI inquiry team, and it provides the insights and support you need. A user with the **AI Risk and Compliance Analyst** role or **AI Case Analyst** role works on the AI inquiry created.

## Inquiry Lifecycle (States)

An AI inquiry passes through the following states:

1. **New**
2. **Triage**
3. **In progress**
4. **Awaiting approval**
5. **Closed**

## What to Do Next

- Report an AI case from the Employee Center.
