# Exploring Compliance Case Management

•Draft
•In review
•Returned
•Pending approval
•Approved
•Archived
If a record requires further updates and it is rejected by the approver of the record, it is set to the
Returned state by the application software. When the record owner updates the details of the
record, it follows the approval workflow again.
Compliance Case Management
Report, investigate, analyze, and resolve a compliance case or raise a compliance request by
®
using the ServiceNow GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
The Compliance Case Management application helps you to report, investigate, and resolve
compliance cases, such as complaints and breaches. The Compliance Case Management
application provides a highly configurable workflow that is based on a compliance case or
request.
Explore Configure Use
Explore and learn how Configure your Create a compliance
compliance team uses Compliance Case case, request, case
the Compliance Case Management application. tasks, and so on.
Management application.
Reference
Get details about
components like
tables and roles.
Exploring Compliance Case Management
Learn how you can use the GRC: Compliance Case Management application to report,
investigate, analyze, and resolve a compliance case, or raise a compliance request for your
organization.


| Explore Explore and learn how compliance team uses the Compliance Case Management application. | Configure Configure your Compliance Case Management application. | Use Create a compliance case, request, case tasks, and so on. |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Reference Get details about components like tables and roles. |  |  |
