# Smart assessments in Compliance Case Management

Smart assessments in Compliance Case Management
Use the Smart Assessment Engine to perform smart assessments on compliance case action
tasks.
Using the abilities of the Smart Assessment Engine, you can empower the compliance case
teams to initiate compliance case assessments. These assessments assist compliance case
analysts in identifying the impacted and related areas during a compliance case investigation.
They also help determine whether the employees in your organization adhere to the required
regulations. The analyst can then collect observations and evidence from the stakeholders and
arrive at a resolution. The Smart Assessment Engine provides numerous benefits some of which
are listed as follows:
•Automate repetitive tasks
•Configure the assessment templates
•View progress indicators and automatically save responses
•Identify the assessment responders
•Define the due date for responding to the assessment
In the Assessment Workspace, you can view the templates available for Compliance Case
Management. You must ensure that the assessment template category is set to Compliance
Case Management and the assessment targets are set to Action task and Compliance case.
Only the assessment templates that are published are available for performing the assessments.
The ability to tailor templates designed for various types of assessments, for example, financial
breach assessments, empowers compliance teams to conduct more focused and targeted
analysis of the breaches.
For more information about Smart Assessment Engine, refer to Exploring Smart Assessment
Engine.
Pre-requisites to enable smart assessment in Compliance Case Management
Smart assessment scoped applications
The base system ships the GRC smart assessment template to the users when the
Compliance Case Management plugin is installed. However, the following scoped
applications are required:
1.Smart Assessment core (sn_smart_asmt)
2. Smart assessment Migration tools (sn_smart_asmt_mig). For more information,
see Migrate a legacy metric type to an assessment template
3. Smart Assessment Connected (sn_smart_asmt_conn)
4.Smart Assessment Designer (sn_smart_asmt_desg). For more information, see
Using the template designer
Enable smart assessments system property
The administrator sets the
sn_grc_case_mgmt.enable_smart_assessments system property to
true for the compliance case manager to assess the action tasks using the smart
assessment method.
Migrate the template
Create a new template in Smart Assessment Engine. For more information, see
Creating an assessment template from legacy assessment metric types.