# Create a case type

Install Compliance Case Management
You can install the GRC: Compliance Case Management application (sn_comp_case) if you
®
have the admin role.The application includes the demo data and related ServiceNow Store
applications and plugins if they aren’t already installed.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Ensure that the application and all of its associated ServiceNow Store applications have valid
ServiceNow entitlements. For more information, see Get entitlement for a ServiceNow product or
application .
About this task
The following items are installed with Compliance Case Management:
•Plugins
•Store applications
•Roles
•Scheduled jobs
•Tables
For more information, see Tables installed with Compliance Case Management and Roles
installed with Compliance Case Management.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the Compliance Case Management application (sn_comp_case) by using the filter criteria
and search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you can’t find the application, you might
have to request it from the ServiceNow Store.
In the list next to the Install button, the versions that are available are displayed.
3. Select a version from the list and select Install.
In the Review Installation Details dialog box, any dependencies installed with your application
are listed.
4.If you're prompted, follow the links to the ServiceNow Store to get any additional entitlements
for dependencies.
5. Optional: If demo data is available and you want to install it, select the Load demo data check
box.
Demo data are the sample records that describe application features for common use cases.
Load the demo data when you first install the application on a development or test instance.
6.Select Install.
Create a case type
Create a case type in the GRC: Compliance Case Management application to categorize the
compliance cases by the type of occurrence. For example, you can create a case type, such as a
financial case, code of conduct, or HR case.

Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
About this task
You can set up a case type to categorize the compliance cases by the type of occurrence. After
you define the case type, the compliance analyst and compliance manager can select the case
type on the case form. A case type is mapped with a state model that specifies the workflow
states and transition conditions for the compliance case. To define the workflow states and
transitions, see Create a compliance state model.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > Case types.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the case type form, see Case Type form.
4.Open the form context menu and select Save.
The Case subtypes related list appears.
5. On the Case subtypes related list, select New to define a case subtype.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Case Subtype form
Field Description
Label Label to be displayed for the case subtype.
Name Name of the case subtype. For example,
Conflict of interest.
Parent Parent case type. This field is automatically
set to the parent case type.
Active Option to select the case subtype as active
or inactive.
Description Description of the purpose of the case
subtype. This description is for the
administrator to understand the case
subtype.
7.Select Submit.
8.Optional: To create a view rule instead of using the default one, see Create view rule.
9.Optional: To create an assignment rule instead of using the default one, see Create an
assignment rule.
Case Type form
Use the Case Type form in the Compliance Case Management application to categorize the
compliance cases by their type.
See the following table for a description of the field values.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label to be displayed for the case subtype. |
| Name | Name of the case subtype. For example, Conflict of interest. |
| Parent | Parent case type. This field is automatically set to the parent case type. |
| Active | Option to select the case subtype as active or inactive. |
| Description | Description of the purpose of the case subtype. This description is for the administrator to understand the case subtype. |


Case Type form
Field Description
Label Label to be displayed for the case type.
Name Name of the case type. For example, Code of
conduct.
Case category Category of the case type. This field is
automatically set to Compliance case
[sn_comp_case_compliance_case].
Active Option to select the case type as active or
inactive.
Description Description about this case type. This
description is for the administrator to
understand the case subtype.
State Model
State Model Workflow states for the case type. For more
information, see Create a compliance state
model.
Assessment Configuration
Assessment templates Assessment template for the case type. If the
sn_grc_case_mgmt.enable_smart_assessments
system property is set to true, then you can
specify the Smart assessment templates
that you want to use for performing smart
assessment on action tasks. For more
information, see Create an assessment
template. For information on
Template Configuration
Document templates Template to generate Portable Document
Format (PDF) reports for compliance cases
associated with this case type.
Create view rule
Define the view rules for the workspace and default view in the GRC: Compliance Case
Management application. By defining the rules, you can control how the compliance case or
request form appears.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > Case types.
2. Open a case type from the list.
3. On the case type form, select View Rules.
4.Select New.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label to be displayed for the case type. |
| Name | Name of the case type. For example, Code of conduct. |
| Case category | Category of the case type. This field is automatically set to Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_case]. |
| Active | Option to select the case type as active or inactive. |
| Description | Description about this case type. This description is for the administrator to understand the case subtype. |
| State Model |  |
| State Model | Workflow states for the case type. For more information, see Create a compliance state model. |
| Assessment Configuration |  |
| Assessment templates | Assessment template for the case type. If the sn_grc_case_mgmt.enable_smart_as system property is set to true, then you can specify the Smart assessment templates that you want to use for performing smart assessment on action tasks. For more information, see Create an assessment template. For information on |
| Template Configuration |  |
| Document templates | Template to generate Portable Document Format (PDF) reports for compliance cases associated with this case type. |


For a description of the field values on the View Rule form, see View Rule form.
6.Select Submit.
View Rule form
Use the View Rule form to define the workspace and default view rules in the GRC: Compliance
Case Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
View Rule form
Field Description
Name Name to identify the rule.
Table Table that this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to
Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_case].
View View option that you’re creating a rule for:
•Default view: Define the form view on the Classic environment.
•Workspace: Define the form view on Workspace.
Experience Option to enable this view rule to one or multiple workspaces.
Restricted
Application Name of the application that this view rule applies to. This field is
automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management.
Execution Order in which this view rule executes.
Order
Active Option to enable the view rule.
Conditions
Roles Roles that this view rule applies to.
Conditions Condition builder to set conditions for the view rule.
Form Settings
Hide details & Option to hide the Details tab in the related list.
UI actions
Hide Journal Option to disable the journal fields on the Workspace forms.
Input Fields
Hide section Option to disable the jump-to section navigation on the Workspace forms.
navigation
Disable section Option to disable the default form section collapse.
collapsing
Form Tabs
Default Tab Option to select the default tab order on the Workspace form.
Order
Tab Order Option to define the tab order on the Workspace form. This field appears only
when you deselect the Default Tab Order option.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name to identify the rule. |
| Table | Table that this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_case]. |
| View | View option that you’re creating a rule for: •Default view: Define the form view on the Classic environment. •Workspace: Define the form view on Workspace. |
| Experience Restricted | Option to enable this view rule to one or multiple workspaces. |
| Application | Name of the application that this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management. |
| Execution Order | Order in which this view rule executes. |
| Active | Option to enable the view rule. |
| Conditions |  |
| Roles | Roles that this view rule applies to. |
| Conditions | Condition builder to set conditions for the view rule. |
| Form Settings |  |
| Hide details & UI actions | Option to hide the Details tab in the related list. |
| Hide Journal Input Fields | Option to disable the journal fields on the Workspace forms. |
| Hide section navigation | Option to disable the jump-to section navigation on the Workspace forms. |
| Disable section collapsing | Option to disable the default form section collapse. |
| Form Tabs |  |
| Default Tab Order | Option to select the default tab order on the Workspace form. |
| Tab Order | Option to define the tab order on the Workspace form. This field appears only when you deselect the Default Tab Order option. |


View Rule form (continued)
Field Description
Default Tab Item that should be in focus when you open a record in the table that is
Focus specified in this rule.
Create an assignment rule
Create an assignment rule and apply it to a compliance case type or request type by using the
Compliance Case Management application. By using an assignment rule, you can determine the
appropriate person or group to handle a compliance case.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
About this task
You can create an assignment rule to assign the case or request to a user or group by the pre-
defined conditions.
Procedure
1.To define assignment rule for a case type, navigate to All > Compliance Case Management >
Case types.
2. To define assignment rule for a request type, navigate to All > Compliance Case Management
> Request types.
3. Open a case or request type from the list.
4.On the case type or request type form, select Assignment Rules.
5. Select New.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Assignment Rule form, see Assignment Rule form.
7.Select Submit.
Assignment Rule form
Use the Assignment Rule form to define the case assignment rules in the Compliance Case
Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Assignment Rule form
Field Description
Name Name of the assignment rule.
Application Name of the application that this assignment rule applies to. This field is
automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management.
Active Option to enable the assignment rule.
Applies to
Table Table that this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically set to
Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_case].
Conditions Condition builder to set conditions for the assignment rule.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Default Tab Focus | Item that should be in focus when you open a record in the table that is specified in this rule. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assignment rule. |
| Application | Name of the application that this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management. |
| Active | Option to enable the assignment rule. |
| Applies to |  |
| Table | Table that this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically set to Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_case]. |
| Conditions | Condition builder to set conditions for the assignment rule. |
