# Create a request type

Assignment Rule form (continued)
Field Description
Assign to
User User that the case or request is assigned to.
Group Group that the case or request is assigned to.
Script
Script Script to define the advanced assignment rule.
Create a request type
Create a request type in the GRC: Compliance Case Management application to categorize and
manage the compliance requests. After you create a request type, the compliance analysts and
managers can select the required request type on the request form.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > Request types.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the request type form, see Request type form.
4.Open the form context menu and select Save.
The Subtypes related list appears.
5. On the Subtypes related list, select New to define a request subtype.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Subtype form
Field Description
Label Label to be displayed for the subtype.
Name Name of the subtype. For example, Policy
update.
Parent Parent request type. This field is
automatically set to the parent request type.
Active Option to select the subtype as active or
inactive.
Case category Category of the subtype. This field is
automatically set to Compliance case
[sn_comp_case_compliance_request].
Description Description of the purpose of the subtype.
This description is for the administrator to
understand the request subtype.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assign to |  |
| User | User that the case or request is assigned to. |
| Group | Group that the case or request is assigned to. |
| Script |  |
| Script | Script to define the advanced assignment rule. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label to be displayed for the subtype. |
| Name | Name of the subtype. For example, Policy update. |
| Parent | Parent request type. This field is automatically set to the parent request type. |
| Active | Option to select the subtype as active or inactive. |
| Case category | Category of the subtype. This field is automatically set to Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_request]. |
| Description | Description of the purpose of the subtype. This description is for the administrator to understand the request subtype. |
