# Create a compliance state model

7.Select Submit.
8.Optional: To create a view rule instead of using the default rule, see Create view rule.
9.Optional: To create an assignment rule instead of using the default rule, see Create an
assignment rule.
Request type form
Use the Request Type form in the Compliance Case Management application to categorize the
compliance requests by their type.
The following table lists the descriptions of the field values.
Request Type form
Field Description
Label Label to be displayed for the request type.
Name Name of the request type. For example, Policy
update/enquiry.
Category Category of the request type. This field
is automatically set to Compliance case
[sn_comp_case_compliance_request].
Active Option to select the request type as active or
inactive.
Description Description about this request type. This
description is for the administrator to
understand the request type.
State Model
State Model Workflow states for the request type. For more
information, see Create a compliance state
model.
Template Configuration
Document templates Template to generate Portable Document
Format (PDF) reports for compliance requests
associated with this request type.
Create a compliance state model
Create a state model to define the workflow states and transition conditions for compliance case
types and request types.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
About this task
A state model is a list of states that describe the workflow of a record. With a state model, you
can define the state transitions for a specific case or request type. The case type or request type
follows the workflow states and transition conditions that are defined in the state model.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label to be displayed for the request type. |
| Name | Name of the request type. For example, Policy update/enquiry. |
| Category | Category of the request type. This field is automatically set to Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_request]. |
| Active | Option to select the request type as active or inactive. |
| Description | Description about this request type. This description is for the administrator to understand the request type. |
| State Model |  |
| State Model | Workflow states for the request type. For more information, see Create a compliance state model. |
| Template Configuration |  |
| Document templates | Template to generate Portable Document Format (PDF) reports for compliance requests associated with this request type. |
