# Create a workflow state for a compliance case or request

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > State Models.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the GRC State Model form, see GRC State Model form.
4.Select Submit.
GRC State Model form
Use the GRC State Model form to define the workflow states and transition conditions in the
Compliance Case Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
GRC State Model form
Field Description
Name Name of the state model. For example, Breach
case.
Application Name of the application that this state model
applies to. This field is automatically set to
GRC: Compliance Case Management.
Active Option to select the state model as active or
inactive.
Table name List of applications the State model has to be
applied for the business configuration. This
field is automatically set to Compliance case
[sn_comp_case_compliance_case].
State model Field to hold the state model value in a
table that this state model applies to. It is
dependent on Table name and displays a list
of corresponding state model values.
State field Field to hold the state value in a table that
this state model applies to. It is dependent on
Table name. This field is automatically set to
State. You can change the value to match your
configuration.
Manage Attachments Select this icon and choose the required files
to attach.
Create a workflow state for a compliance case or request
Create a workflow state for a compliance case or request to define the life cycle of the case or
request using the Compliance Case Management application. GRC State Model is to configure
the states and the state transitions that are created as part of the table.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the state model. For example, Breach case. |
| Application | Name of the application that this state model applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management. |
| Active | Option to select the state model as active or inactive. |
| Table name | List of applications the State model has to be applied for the business configuration. This field is automatically set to Compliance case [sn_comp_case_compliance_case]. |
| State model | Field to hold the state model value in a table that this state model applies to. It is dependent on Table name and displays a list of corresponding state model values. |
| State field | Field to hold the state value in a table that this state model applies to. It is dependent on Table name. This field is automatically set to State. You can change the value to match your configuration. |
| Manage Attachments | Select this icon and choose the required files to attach. |


About this task
To create new states for the compliance case, the admin must create a new state in the State
field of the compliance case table.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > State Models.
2. Open the state model that you want to add the workflow to.
3. Select New from the GRC workflow states related list.
4.Fill in the fields on the form.
For a description of the field values on the Workflow state form, see Workflow State form.
5. Select Submit.
Workflow State form
Use the Workflow State form to define the workflow states in the GRC: Compliance Case
Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Workflow State form
Field Description
State Select an applicable state.
Name of the workflow state for compliance
case:
•New
•Triage
•Investigate
•Resolve
•Post case review
•Close
•Canceled
Name of the workflow state for compliance
request:
•New
•Triage
•In progress
•Canceled
•Awaiting approval
•Approved
•Rejected
•Closed


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| State | Select an applicable state. Name of the workflow state for compliance case: •New •Triage •Investigate •Resolve •Post case review •Close •Canceled Name of the workflow state for compliance request: •New •Triage •In progress •Canceled •Awaiting approval •Approved •Rejected •Closed |
