# Define model state transitions

Workflow State form (continued)
Field Description
Application Name of the application that this view rule
applies to. This field is automatically set to
GRC: Compliance Case Management. You
cannot update it.
Model State model that uses this workflow state. This
field is automatically set to the state model
name. You cannot update it.
Display type Display type option of the workflow state:
•As node: Option to select as a parent state.
•As sub-level: Option to select as a sub-state
of the parent state.
Is optional Option to select the state as optional. This
field appears only when As node is selected
from Display type.
Stepper label Label to be displayed on the stepper
component for the state. This field appears
only when As sub-level is selected from
Display type. The label is updated on the
Overview page and not on the State section.
Parent model state Parent state for the sub-level state. This field
appears only when As sub-level is selected
from Display type.
Define model state transitions
Define the transition conditions to control how a compliance case traverses through the different
workflow states by using the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
About this task
The state transitions are a list of conditions for entering or exiting each state that is defined for a
table. In the State Transitions table, use the condition builder to build a list of required conditions
for entering or exiting each state.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > State Models.
2. Open the state model that you want to define the model state transition for.
3. To define the model state transition, select the required workflow state.
4.On the Model State Transitions context menu, select New.
5. Select the state that you want to move to from the selected state.
6.Optional: To enable the automatic transition of the workflow state, select the Automatic
transition option.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Application | Name of the application that this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management. You cannot update it. |
| Model | State model that uses this workflow state. This field is automatically set to the state model name. You cannot update it. |
| Display type | Display type option of the workflow state: •As node: Option to select as a parent state. •As sub-level: Option to select as a sub-state of the parent state. |
| Is optional | Option to select the state as optional. This field appears only when As node is selected from Display type. |
| Stepper label | Label to be displayed on the stepper component for the state. This field appears only when As sub-level is selected from Display type. The label is updated on the Overview page and not on the State section. |
| Parent model state | Parent state for the sub-level state. This field appears only when As sub-level is selected from Display type. |


7.Open the form context menu and select Save.
The GRC model state transition conditions related list appears.
8.On the GRC model state transition conditions context menu, select New.
9.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the GRC model state transition form, see GRC Model
State Transition Condition form.
10.Select Submit.
GRC Model State Transition Condition form
Use the GRC Model State Transition Condition form to define the transition conditions to control
how a compliance case or request traverses through the different workflow states by using the
GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
GRC Model State Transition Condition
Field Description
Name Name of the condition.
State transition Transition of states. This field is automatically
set to the model state transition value.
Application Name of the application that this condition
applies to. This field is automatically set to
GRC: Compliance Case Management.
Active Option to enable the model state transition
condition.
Description Description of this state transition. For
example, in the Description field for the New
state, you could enter New state can
move only to Analyze state.
Error message Error message to be displayed when the
conditions aren’t met.
Requires Transition conditions:
•Task has been through Approval: Condition
passes if the related task has an approval
that is either accepted or rejected.
•Task is Approved: Condition passes when
the task is approved.
•Task is Rejected: Condition passes when
the task is rejected.
•Transition Condition: Conditions for this
state transition.
•Transition Script: Advanced conditions for
this state transition.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the condition. |
| State transition | Transition of states. This field is automatically set to the model state transition value. |
| Application | Name of the application that this condition applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Compliance Case Management. |
| Active | Option to enable the model state transition condition. |
| Description | Description of this state transition. For example, in the Description field for the New state, you could enter New state can move only to Analyze state. |
| Error message | Error message to be displayed when the conditions aren’t met. |
| Requires | Transition conditions: •Task has been through Approval: Condition passes if the related task has an approval that is either accepted or rejected. •Task is Approved: Condition passes when the task is approved. •Task is Rejected: Condition passes when the task is rejected. •Transition Condition: Conditions for this state transition. •Transition Script: Advanced conditions for this state transition. |
