# Create an assessment template

GRC Model State Transition Condition (continued)
Field Description
Condition Conditions to be defined for this state
transition. This field appears only when
Transition Condition is selected from
Requires.
Script Script to be defined for this state transition.
This field appears only when Transition Script
is selected from Requires.
Create an assessment template
Create an assessment template to request responses from the assessor or reviewer. You can
create this template by using the assessment metric type form in the GRC: Compliance Case
Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_case_admin
About this task
You can create a questionnaire template instead of using the default template to assess your
compliance cases. After you set up the assessment template, it’s available in the action task
section for that case type.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > Assessment Templates.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Assessment Metric Type form, see Assessment
Metric Type form.
4.Select Submit.
Assessment Metric Type form
Use the Assessment Metric Type form to create an assessment questionnaire template by using
the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Assessment Metric Type form
Field Description
Name Name of the assessment template.
Assessment Length of time allowed for completing the assessment from the time that the
duration assessment is generated.
Table Table that contains the records. This field is automatically set to GRC core case
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_core_case].
State State of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Condition | Conditions to be defined for this state transition. This field appears only when Transition Condition is selected from Requires. |
| Script | Script to be defined for this state transition. This field appears only when Transition Script is selected from Requires. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assessment template. |
| Assessment duration | Length of time allowed for completing the assessment from the time that the assessment is generated. |
| Table | Table that contains the records. This field is automatically set to GRC core case [sn_grc_case_mgmt_core_case]. |
| State | State of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft. |
