# Raising a compliance request in GRC: Compliance Case Management

Raising a compliance request in GRC: Compliance Case Management
You can raise a compliance request to the compliance team by using the GRC: Compliance Case
Management application. For example, you can submit a compliance request to seek advice or
guidance on the organization's policies and guidelines.
You can raise a compliance request by using one of the following options:
•Raise a compliance request from the Employee Center
•Create a compliance request in the Compliance Workspace
Raise a compliance request from the Employee Center
Raise a compliance request regarding organization's policies, inquiries, and guidelines by using
the Employee Center application. By seeking guidance, clarification, or approval, you contribute
to maintaining a culture of compliance within your organization.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employee or
sn_comp_case.compliance_case_business_user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center landing page, select the Risk & Compliance tab.
3. In the Browse Risk & Compliance section, select Report a Compliance Request.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Report a Compliance Request form, see Raise a
Compliance Request form.
5. Optional: On the Report a compliance request form, select Add attachments to attach
supporting material or evidence.
6.Select Submit.
Raise a Compliance Request form
Use the Raise a Compliance Request form in the Employee Center to raise a compliance request.
The following table lists the descriptions of the field values.
Report a Compliance Request form
Field Description
Name Name of the request. For example, a request
for the Policy Update - Annual medical
examination is mandatory for all permanent
employees.
Description Brief description of the request.
Request type Type of the request.
Priority Priority of the request:
•1 - Critical
•2- High


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the request. For example, a request for the Policy Update - Annual medical examination is mandatory for all permanent employees. |
| Description | Brief description of the request. |
| Request type | Type of the request. |


Report a Compliance Request form (continued)
Field Description
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Planning
Requested by Name of the person who raised the request.
Requested on behalf of Name of the person that you created the
request for.
Business Unit Business unit that is affected by the request.
For example, Legal.
Location Location where the request was raised. For
example, Japan.
Create a compliance request in the Compliance Workspace
Raise a compliance request regarding organization's policies, inquiries, and guidelines by using
the Compliance Case Management application. By seeking guidance, clarification, or approval,
you contribute to maintaining a culture of compliance within the organization.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst and
sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the Compliance case management icon ( ).
3. On the Compliance Case Management landing page, select Create.
4.From the options available in the Create list, select Request.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Create a Compliance Case form, see Compliance
request form.
6.Select Save.
Compliance request form
Use the Create new compliance request form in the GRC: Compliance Case Management
application to raise a compliance request.
The following table lists the descriptions of the field values.
Create new compliance request form
Field Description
Number Number of the request. This field is
automatically set to a request number.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Planning |
| Requested by | Name of the person who raised the request. |
| Requested on behalf of | Name of the person that you created the request for. |
| Business Unit | Business unit that is affected by the request. For example, Legal. |
| Location | Location where the request was raised. For example, Japan. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Number of the request. This field is automatically set to a request number. |


Create new compliance request form (continued)
Field Description
Name Name of the request. For example, a request
for the Policy Update - Annual medical
examination is mandatory for all permanent
employees.
Description Brief description of the request.
Type Type to classify the nature of the compliance
request.
State Workflow state of the request. This field is
automatically set to New.
Priority Priority of the request:
•None
•1 - Critical
•2- High
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Planning
Requested by Name of the person who raised the request.
Requested on behalf of Name of the person that you created the
request for.
Assignment
Assignment group Group that is assigned to the request.
Note: The assignment group is
preconfigured to the request type during
the configuration setup.
Approvers Person who should approve the request.
Assigned to Person who is assigned to this request.
Watch list User who must be informed about the request.
Primary origin
Business unit Business unit that is affected by the request.
For example, Legal.
Location Location where the request was raised. For
example, Japan.
Schedule
Created Date when the request was raised. This field is
automatically set to the current date and time.
Approved on Date when the request was approved.
Activity


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the request. For example, a request for the Policy Update - Annual medical examination is mandatory for all permanent employees. |
| Description | Brief description of the request. |
| Type | Type to classify the nature of the compliance request. |
| State | Workflow state of the request. This field is automatically set to New. |
| Priority | Priority of the request: •None •1 - Critical •2- High •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Planning |
| Requested by | Name of the person who raised the request. |
| Requested on behalf of | Name of the person that you created the request for. |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignment group | Group that is assigned to the request. Note: The assignment group is preconfigured to the request type during the configuration setup. |
| Approvers | Person who should approve the request. |
| Assigned to | Person who is assigned to this request. |
| Watch list | User who must be informed about the request. |
| Primary origin |  |
| Business unit | Business unit that is affected by the request. For example, Legal. |
| Location | Location where the request was raised. For example, Japan. |
| Schedule |  |
| Created | Date when the request was raised. This field is automatically set to the current date and time. |
| Approved on | Date when the request was approved. |
| Activity |  |
