# Add a cause and consequence to a compliance case

Records related to the selected record type are available for your selection.
8.Select the records from the available list.
Modifying the Select type field clears the current selection.
9.Select Add.
10.Select Save.
Add a cause and consequence to a compliance case
Define the root cause for the reported compliance case or event and its consequences on the
organization by using the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst
About this task
You can add multiple causes to a compliance case or event and define a primary cause. Any
compliance case can have only one primary cause. You can also add a cause that is suspected
but not confirmed. The Compliance Case Management application enables you to add the
consequences based on the reported case and any action or remediation plan that is in place.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. From the list, select All Cases.
4.Open the case that you want to add a cause and consequence to.
5. Select New.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Cause and Consequence form, see Cause and
Consequence form.
7.Select Save.
Cause and Consequence form
Use the Cause and Consequence form to define the cause and consequence that a case has on
your organization in the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Cause and Consequence form
Field Description
Cause Cause for the case or event.
Cause status Status of the cause:
•Suspected: When the cause isn’t confirmed.
•Confirmed: When the cause is confirmed.
Primary cause Option to select the cause as the primary
cause.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Cause | Cause for the case or event. |
| Cause status | Status of the cause: •Suspected: When the cause isn’t confirmed. •Confirmed: When the cause is confirmed. |
| Primary cause | Option to select the cause as the primary cause. |
