# Add compliance regulations to a compliance case

Cause and Consequence form (continued)
Field Description
Cause description Brief description of the cause.
Consequences and actions
Consequences Consequences of the case or event. You can
select multiple consequences for a reported
case.
Actions taken Any action or measures taken to address the
case.
Summary
Observations Record overall observations, if any.
Add compliance regulations to a compliance case
Add the regulations that are or can be impacted by the reported compliance case. In the
ServiceNow platform, regulations are captured as authority documents. Adding the regulations
to the case enables you to identify which regulations are breached or violated and prevents your
organization from getting penalties or fines for this case.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst
About this task
As a case analyst, you can choose and add the regulations that are related to the reported case.
By default, all the regulations in the system are displayed. After you add the regulations, you must
analyze which regulations have been violated and set their reporting status. The reporting status
helps you to determine if the regulation must be reported or not.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. From the list, select All Cases.
4.Open the case that you want to add a regulation to.
5. Select the Regulations related list and do the following actions:
a.Select Add.
b.Select the regulations to add.
c.Select Add.
6.To set the reporting status of a regulation, select and open the regulation.
7.On the form, fill in the fields.
Regulation form
Field Description
Case Case that you're adding the regulation to.
This field is automatically set to the case
name.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Cause description | Brief description of the cause. |
| Consequences and actions |  |
| Consequences | Consequences of the case or event. You can select multiple consequences for a reported case. |
| Actions taken | Any action or measures taken to address the case. |
| Summary |  |
| Observations | Record overall observations, if any. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Case | Case that you're adding the regulation to. This field is automatically set to the case name. |
