# Add an issue for a compliance case

Field Description
Reporting status Status to determine if the regulation must be
reported immediately, in the future, or doesn’t
need to be reported at all. The options are as
follows:
◦To be determined: When you're not sure if
the violation must be reported.
◦Reportable: When the violation must be
reported.
◦Non-reportable: When the violation
doesn’t need to be reported.
◦Potentially reportable: When the violation
can be reported in the future based on the
case investigation.
Authority document Authority document that forms the regulation.
Lodgement date Date that the regulation is reported to the
regulators.
Description Brief description of the regulation violation
based on your analysis.
8.Select Save.
Add an issue for a compliance case
Identify and add an issue that is related to the impacted areas of a reported compliance case.
You can also create an issue from the GRC: Compliance Case Management landing page.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. From the list, select All Cases.
4.Open the case that you want to add an issue to and then select one of the following options.
Option Action
a.Select Add
To add an existing issue b.Select the issues that you want to add.
c.Select Add.
To create an issue See the Create an Issue form.
5. Select Save.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Reporting status | Status to determine if the regulation must be reported immediately, in the future, or doesn’t need to be reported at all. The options are as follows: ◦To be determined: When you're not sure if the violation must be reported. ◦Reportable: When the violation must be reported. ◦Non-reportable: When the violation doesn’t need to be reported. ◦Potentially reportable: When the violation can be reported in the future based on the case investigation. |
| Authority document | Authority document that forms the regulation. |
| Lodgement date | Date that the regulation is reported to the regulators. |
| Description | Brief description of the regulation violation based on your analysis. |


Create an Issue form
Use the Create an Issue form in GRC: Compliance Case Management to add an issue to a
compliance case, report findings or observations or compliance deficiencies, or matters that
require immediate attention from the respective owners.
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create an Issue form
Field Description
Issue
Number Number of the issue. This field is automatically filled in.
Name Name of the issue.
Issue source Source of the issue, such as Compliance Case analysis. This field is
automatically filled in.
Issue type Issue Type is a way of classifying the nature of issue being reported. This
field is automatically filled with one of the following options based on how
the issue was created:
•Control design effectiveness failure
•Control operative effectiveness failure
•Control doesn’t meet requirement
•Control doesn’t exist
•Non-compliance to a regulation
•Non-compliance to a policy
•Improvement or suggestion to an existing policy
•Recommendation for a new policy
•Process optimization or improvement
•Observation
•Data breach
•Fraud
•Misstatement
•Training
•Documentation
Classification Classification of the issue. This field is automatically filled in with one of the
following options:
•Audit
•Compliance
•Operational Resilience
•Risk
•Vendor


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Issue |  |
| Number | Number of the issue. This field is automatically filled in. |
| Name | Name of the issue. |
| Issue source | Source of the issue, such as Compliance Case analysis. This field is automatically filled in. |
| Issue type | Issue Type is a way of classifying the nature of issue being reported. This field is automatically filled with one of the following options based on how the issue was created: •Control design effectiveness failure •Control operative effectiveness failure •Control doesn’t meet requirement •Control doesn’t exist •Non-compliance to a regulation •Non-compliance to a policy •Improvement or suggestion to an existing policy •Recommendation for a new policy •Process optimization or improvement •Observation •Data breach •Fraud •Misstatement •Training •Documentation |
| Classification | Classification of the issue. This field is automatically filled in with one of the following options: •Audit •Compliance •Operational Resilience •Risk •Vendor |


Create an Issue form (continued)
Field Description
Location Location of the issue.
State State of the issue:
•New
•Analyze
•Respond
•Review
•Closed Complete
•Closed Incomplete
Substate Substate of the issue is the sub-type of the issue. This field is automatically
filled in.
Priority Priority of the issue:
•Critical
•High
•Moderate
•Low
•Planning
Issue rating Rating of the issue:
•Very High
•High
•Moderate
•Low
•Very Low
Description
Approver of the issue.
Assignment
Assignment Assignment group for the issue. For example, Compliance team or Ethics/
group Compliance team.
Assigned to User that the issue is assigned to.
Issue manager User assigned to work on the recorded issue:
group
•Compliance Managers
•IT Risk Managers
•Risk Managers
Issue manager Manager that the issue is assigned to.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Location | Location of the issue. |
| State | State of the issue: •New •Analyze •Respond •Review •Closed Complete •Closed Incomplete |
| Substate | Substate of the issue is the sub-type of the issue. This field is automatically filled in. |
| Priority | Priority of the issue: •Critical •High •Moderate •Low •Planning |
| Issue rating | Rating of the issue: •Very High •High •Moderate •Low •Very Low |
| Description | Approver of the issue. |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignment group | Assignment group for the issue. For example, Compliance team or Ethics/ Compliance team. |
| Assigned to | User that the issue is assigned to. |
| Issue manager group | User assigned to work on the recorded issue: •Compliance Managers •IT Risk Managers •Risk Managers |
| Issue manager | Manager that the issue is assigned to. |


Create an Issue form (continued)
Field Description
Watchlist Users who are on the watchlist for the issue.
Schedule
Due date Date when the issue is due.
Confirmed date Confirmation date for the issue. This field is automatically filled in based on
the auto-calculation of future dates.
Planned start Planned start date for the issue.
date
Planned end date Planned end date for the issue.
Duration Duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
Created Date on which the issue is created. This field is automatically filled in based
on the current system date.
Closed Date on which the issue is closed.
Actual start date Actual start date for the issue.
Actual end date Actual end date for the issue.
Actual duration Actual duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
Issue grouping
Parent issue Parent issue associated with this issue.
Issue group rule Group rule for the issue. This field is auto-populated.
Action plan
Recommendation Recommendation for the issue.
Action plan Action plan for the issue.
Activity
Work notes Work notes for the issue.
Additional Additional comments for the issue.
comments
Settings
Functional Functional domain for the issue.
domain
Other actions
Apart from the from fields, there are a few actions that you can perform on a Compliance Case
record.
•Attachment- select this icon in the side-bar to add any related attachments to the Compliance
Case record.
•Compose email- compose an email.
•Discard draft- discard a draft version of the email.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Watchlist | Users who are on the watchlist for the issue. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Date when the issue is due. |
| Confirmed date | Confirmation date for the issue. This field is automatically filled in based on the auto-calculation of future dates. |
| Planned start date | Planned start date for the issue. |
| Planned end date | Planned end date for the issue. |
| Duration | Duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds. |
| Created | Date on which the issue is created. This field is automatically filled in based on the current system date. |
| Closed | Date on which the issue is closed. |
| Actual start date | Actual start date for the issue. |
| Actual end date | Actual end date for the issue. |
| Actual duration | Actual duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds. |
| Issue grouping |  |
| Parent issue | Parent issue associated with this issue. |
| Issue group rule | Group rule for the issue. This field is auto-populated. |
| Action plan |  |
| Recommendation | Recommendation for the issue. |
| Action plan | Action plan for the issue. |
| Activity |  |
| Work notes | Work notes for the issue. |
| Additional comments | Additional comments for the issue. |
| Settings |  |
| Functional domain | Functional domain for the issue. |
