# Export a report to PDF

•Send email- send the email with all the details in it.
•Create new email- Create a new email.
•View drafts - view the existing drafts in the system.
•Save- save the details of the compliance case.
•360 view- view the compliance case in a 360 view with all the relationships.
•Export PDF- export the compliance case as a PDF.
•Delete- delete the compliance case.
Export a report to PDF
Create Portable Document Format (PDF) reports for compliance cases or requests using
predefined or customized templates in the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
This feature enables the stakeholders who may not have access to the application can still
access the data.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_comp_case.compliance_case_analyst
About this task
You can export compliance data to PDF reports for easy sharing with audit teams, partners,
or internal committees, eliminating the requirement for application access. A compliance
administrator can select a predefined template or create a customized document template to
generate reports. For more information, see Configure a PDF document template .
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. To generate a compliance case report, select All cases.
4.To generate a compliance request report, select All requests.
5. Open the compliance case or compliance request that you want to export as a PDF report.
6.Select the More actions icon.
7.Select Export PDF.
The Export PDF button appears only when a document template is specified in the record
type.
8.Select the template to generate a PDF report.
9.Select Export.
A PDF report is generated and is available in the Attachments section of the record to
download.
10.To download a local copy of the PDF report, select the More actions icon on the PDF report,
and select Download.
Compose an email in GRC: Compliance Case Management
Compose and send an email for compliance cases and requests by using the GRC: Compliance
Case Management application. This feature helps you to communicate with different
stakeholders within or outside your organization.

Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_analyst
About this task
You can compose and send emails regarding your cases and requests to multiple stakeholders.
For example, you can consult the legal team for any obligatory opinions and suggestions on the
recorded compliance case. You can manage the emails from the case or request record page.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. To compose an email, use the following options.
Option Description
Compose an email for a compliance case Compose an email for a compliance case.
Compose an entry for a compliance request Compose an email for a compliance request.
4.Select the More actions icon.
5. Select Compose Email.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Email Draft form
Field Description
To Email ID of the recipient. You can add multiple
email IDs separated by commas in this field to
send email to more than one recipient.
Subject Brief summary or title of your email.
Email message Body of your message that includes any
information, requests, or details you want to
convey to the recipient. You can format the
text, add attachments, and include links in
this section.
Note: You can send emails to both
ServiceNow users and external
stakeholders who don't have access
to the ServiceNow instance. You must
provide the basic record details in the
subject line or body of the email to make
them aware of the record that you're
referring to.
7.Optional: To add attachments, select Attach File.
8.Select Send Email.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| To | Email ID of the recipient. You can add multiple email IDs separated by commas in this field to send email to more than one recipient. |
| Subject | Brief summary or title of your email. |
| Email message | Body of your message that includes any information, requests, or details you want to convey to the recipient. You can format the text, add attachments, and include links in this section. |
|  | Note: You can send emails to both ServiceNow users and external stakeholders who don't have access to the ServiceNow instance. You must provide the basic record details in the subject line or body of the email to make them aware of the record that you're referring to. |
|  |  |
