# Configure due dates

Configure due dates
Set up a pre-defined rule to automate due date calculations. Rules are designed to run and
becomes effective when a new record is reported into the application.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
Apply rule-based conditions on a combination of agency, regulation or jurisdiction to manage
timelines for due date auto-calculation.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Case Management > Due Date Configurations > New.
2. Enter a Name for the rule configuration.
3. Select a Regulatory agency from the lookup list.
4.Select a Jurisdiction from the lookup list.
5. Select a Regulation from the lookup list.
Selecting all of Regulatory agency, Jurisdiction, and Regulation is not mandatory. You can
select any one of them.
6.Define Conditions.
7.Select Applies to.
The Applies to field refers to a record type for which the agency profile is applicable for.
Currently, only Compliance case is applicable in the current release.
8.Set Criteria by selecting the required filter conditions and the logical operator.
9.Select Submit.
The pre-defined rule to automate due date calculations is saved. This pre-defined rule gets
applied to all the compliance cases created from now on.
Perform smart assessment on action tasks
Use the Tasks page on the Employee Center for a consolidated view of all your tasks, including
all assessments, enabling you to access and complete them efficiently.
Before you begin
Ensure that:
•The sn_grc_case_mgmt.enable_smart_assessments system property is enabled.
•The assessment templates are configured and published.
Role required: sn_comp_case.compliance_case_business_user
About this task
When a compliance case action task moves from Draft to Assigned state, an assessment is
initiated. When you perform a smart assessment on an action task that is of type Assessment,
and the smart assessment property is enabled, the assessments appear on the unified Tasks
landing page. The tasks that appear on the Tasks page are unique to the logged-in user and
therefore can help the user complete all tasks assigned to them. If you're not the rightful
responder of the assessment, you can reassign the assessment to the correct responder. On the
assessment landing page, you have various features such as the option to collaborate with the
stakeholders using the Discuss feature. If you pause responding to an assessment, you can get
back to it using the Resume action without losing your responses.