# Tables installed with Compliance Case Management

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Employee Center > GRC Tasks > My to-dos > Open > My pending tasks >
Action tasks.
2. Select the action task that you want to assess.
3. Select Start.
4.Respond to the questionnaire.
You can view detailed guidance for each question on the side of the screen. The guidance
helps you in responding to the questions.
5. Select Submit.
6.On the success dialog box, select OK.
7.After you submit the assessment, to view the assessment, select View.
Result
After the assessment is submitted, the state of the assessment gets updated to Review and
the status of the assessment is set to Completed. A compliance case analyst reviews the
assessment and updates the state of the assessment to Closed Complete.
Compliance Case Management reference
Reference topics provide additional information such as the tables and roles that are installed
with the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
Tables installed with Compliance Case Management
Tables are added with the activation of the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
See the following table for a description of the tables that were added with the GRC: Compliance
Case Management application.
Tables installed
Table Description
Stores all the compliance case details.
GRC case
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_case]
Stores the compliance case classifications.
Case classification
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_classification]
Stores all the case tasks that were created for
Case task the compliance case.
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_task]
Stores the case type and case subtype details.
Case type
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_type]
Stores the causes that were added to the
Cause library and mapped to the case.


| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| GRC case [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case] | Stores all the compliance case details. |
| Case classification [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_classification] | Stores the compliance case classifications. |
| Case task [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_task] | Stores all the case tasks that were created for the compliance case. |
| Case type [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_type] | Stores the case type and case subtype details. |
