# Accessing templates in the Assessment Workspace

*Pages 4–4*

A user with the assessment reader [sn_smart_asmt.assessment_reader] role can
read the assessments within the categories that they’re assigned to. Additionally,
they can read and comment on the assessments they created, and view and
comment on the assessments that are generated from those templates.
Note: The Assessment reader role field in the template determines
the minimum user role that is required to view and comment on
assessments. Only users with the specified role and the Assessment reader
[sn_smart_asmt.assessment_reader] role can access the assessments that
are generated from this template.
Assessment Admin
A user with the assessment admin [sn_smart_asmt.assessment_admin] role
can create, view, update, and delete both template categories and assessment
templates. Additionally, the user with this role can view all the assessments, modify
their states, reassign the assessments, and migrate the existing metric types to new
assessment templates.
Template reader
A user with the template reader [sn_smart_asmt.template_reader] role can read
specific assessment templates that are based on the categories mapped to the
templates.
Note: Each template must be mapped to one or more template category. A
template reader must have this role to view the templates that are mapped
with that category. A template reader must be able to access a template
category to view the template.
Template Manager
A user with the template manager [sn_smart_asmt.template_manager] role
can read, write, or create specific assessment templates that are based on the
categories that are mapped to these templates. Their access to the template
categories during the creation process is governed by the same rules that apply to
the template readers.
Template Developer
A user with the template admin or template manager role and template
[sn_smart_asmt.developer] role can read, write, and create the script for response
automation in assessment questions.
For more information, see Roles installed in Smart Assessment Engine.
Accessing templates in the Assessment Workspace
You can see all your assessment template-related information on the Assessment Workspace
landing page. You can review the published and unpublished assessment templates and create
assessment templates by using the Smart Assessment Engine application.
Smart assessment workspace
You can view all your assessment template-related information by navigating to Workspaces
> Assessment Workspace. If you have the sn_smart_asmt.assessment_admin or
sn_smart_asmt.template_manager roles, you can create the assessment templates or update the
unpublished assessment templates in the Assessment Workspace. A template manager's ability
to create or update the assessment templates is determined by their category role. Any team
member with the Template reader [sn_smart_asmt.template_reader] role can view the specific
templates for their category role. For more information on the assessment categories, see Create
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2845
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.