# Creating an assessment template from legacy assessment metric types

*Pages 13–15*

Creating an assessment template from legacy assessment metric types
You can use the assessment designs that you have already created by migrating the metric
types to the Smart Assessment Engine assessment templates. You can leverage the existing
assessment designs to support SAE assessment automation, analysis, and reporting.
Overview of the migration process
®
The sets of questions that are defined in the ServiceNow Assessments and Surveys application
are saved as metric types and are what you are migrating into SAE. When you migrate a legacy
metric type to an SAE assessment template, the original metrics are saved as question types. For
more information on which metric types are supported and how they are mapped to SAE, see
How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates.
®
The migration process does not support all metric types in the ServiceNow Assessments and
Surveys application. The following table lists the metric types that are not supported.
Metric types not supported for migration
Metric Type Description
Custom Metric type used to create a nonstandard
question.
Duration Metric type used to create a question related
to the time duration. For example, a question
about the planned duration or actual duration
in an assessment.
Image scale Metric type used to create a question where
users select an image to use for scales.
Percentage Metric type used to create a question where
users enter a percentage.
Rankings Metric type used to create a question where
users select a different order number for each
option to rank them.
Ratings Metric type used to create a question where
users can enter a rating.
Note: Migrating metrics in a data-type template that enables the image flag to be selected
aren't supported.
Migration Process
Generate an assessment template from an existing metric type by following this process:
1.Fill in a form:
◦Specify which metric type to migrate.
◦Specify the assessment template category that you want the template to be associated with.
An assessment template category specifies the group of users that can access the template.
2. Start the migration process. The following activities then transform the metric type data into an
SAE assessment template:
◦Metric categories become sections in the template.
◦Metrics become questions in the template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2854
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Metric Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Custom | Metric type used to create a nonstandard question. |
| Duration | Metric type used to create a question related to the time duration. For example, a question about the planned duration or actual duration in an assessment. |
| Image scale | Metric type used to create a question where users select an image to use for scales. |
| Percentage | Metric type used to create a question where users enter a percentage. |
| Rankings | Metric type used to create a question where users select a different order number for each option to rank them. |
| Ratings | Metric type used to create a question where users can enter a rating. |


◦Metric definitions become response options in the template.
◦The template is given the name of the original metric type.
◦The template is mapped to the template categories that you specified on the form.
Note: The template definitions are migrated as response options if the metric data type
is a template.
For more information, see How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates.
3. On the Assessment Workspace, validate the assessment template and update it as needed.
After the template is published, you can use it to generate assessments.
Note: The migrated assessment templates are in the draft state after migration. You
must review and publish the template before you can use it for assessments.
For more information about migrating the legacy metric types, see Migrate a legacy metric type to
an assessment template.
Related topics
How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates
Results of migrating a metric category to an assessment template
Migrate a legacy metric type to an assessment template
Migrate an existing metric type to an SAE assessment template. You can leverage the existing
assessment designs while using Smart Assessment Engine.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_smart_asmt.assessment_admin
About this task
SAE must be running on the same instance as the metric data to migrate.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Smart Assessment Engine > Administration > Template Migrations.
2. On the Assessment template migrations list, select New and then fill in the Assessment
template migration form.
You specify the metric type to migrate and the template category that the assessment template
should be associated with. The system automatically fills in the other settings.
Assessment template migration form
Field Description
Number
Unique number, starting with the text ATMIG,
that the system assigned to the migration
record for the metric type. You can use the
number to search for the record.
Source metric type
Metric type to migrate to the assessment
template format.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2855
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number, starting with the text ATMIG, that the system assigned to the migration record for the metric type. You can use the number to search for the record. |
| Source metric type | Metric type to migrate to the assessment template format. |


Field Description
Purpose
Purpose that the new assessment template
should be a member of. For example, Risk,
Performance, Security, Personal data, and so
on.
Template purposes enforce data segregation
for templates. A purpose controls which
users can view a template. Each assessment
template is associated with a purpose. To
view a template within a specific purpose,
you must have a category role associated
with that purpose.
By default, newly defined template categories
are active.
Note: You can only select one
purpose.
Migration status
Value that changes as the template migration
process proceeds.
◦New: Status of a template migration
definition before you start migration.
◦In progress: Status for after you start
the migration process, the process is in
progress until it finishes.
◦Completed: Status of a template migration
if all items (metric type, metric categories,
and metrics) migrate, which means that the
template is ready for you to review, update,
and eventually publish.
◦Partially completed: Status when any
of the downstream elements like the
questions, sections, or metric category
haven’t migrated successfully. In this case,
you must address the errors and restart the
migration process.
◦Errored: Status when an error occurs
during the migration. In this case, you must
address the errors and restart the migration
process.
Target assessment template
New template that the existing metric type is
migrated to.
Important: If the migration status is
Errored, the field shows no value.
3. Select Migrate.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2856
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Purpose | Purpose that the new assessment template should be a member of. For example, Risk, Performance, Security, Personal data, and so on. Template purposes enforce data segregation for templates. A purpose controls which users can view a template. Each assessment template is associated with a purpose. To view a template within a specific purpose, you must have a category role associated with that purpose. By default, newly defined template categories are active. Note: You can only select one purpose. |
| Migration status | Value that changes as the template migration process proceeds. ◦New: Status of a template migration definition before you start migration. ◦In progress: Status for after you start the migration process, the process is in progress until it finishes. ◦Completed: Status of a template migration if all items (metric type, metric categories, and metrics) migrate, which means that the template is ready for you to review, update, and eventually publish. ◦Partially completed: Status when any of the downstream elements like the questions, sections, or metric category haven’t migrated successfully. In this case, you must address the errors and restart the migration process. ◦Errored: Status when an error occurs during the migration. In this case, you must address the errors and restart the migration process. |
| Target assessment template | New template that the existing metric type is migrated to. Important: If the migration status is Errored, the field shows no value. |
