# How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates

*Pages 137–139*

Trigger Smart assessment action form (continued)
Field Description
Scope
List of all scope items that the generated
assessments are applied to.
Each scope item contains two keys: table
and record.
For each context item that is configured at the
template level, a corresponding scope item
must be set up. For example, if the context
items for a template include tables such as
Controls [sn_compliance_control] and Entity
[sn_grc_profile], then at least two scope items
should be configured in the scope: one with
table: Entity [sn_grc_profile],
record: [profile_record_id]
and another with table: Controls
[sn_compliance_control],
record: [control_record_id].
The table records to be assessed are also
known as the assessment scope. You can add
multiple scope items but not from the same
table.
How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates
Legacy metric types are migrated to specific sections in the assessment templates in the Smart
Assessment Engine application.
How metric types are mapped
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing metric types to the section in the
assessment templates.
Metric types for assessment type
Existing metric type Mapped to
Name (Translated text) (Max length 255) Name (Translated text) field in the Assessment
Template table ((sn_smart_asmt_template) ).
Description (Translated text) (Max length Description (Translated html) field
1000) in the Assessment Template table
((sn_smart_asmt_template) ).
Table (Table Name) Table (Table Name) field in the Context Item
table (sn_smart_asmt_context_item).
How metric categories are mapped
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing metric categories to the section table
in the assessment templates.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2978
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Scope | List of all scope items that the generated assessments are applied to. Each scope item contains two keys: table and record. For each context item that is configured at the template level, a corresponding scope item must be set up. For example, if the context items for a template include tables such as Controls [sn_compliance_control] and Entity [sn_grc_profile], then at least two scope items should be configured in the scope: one with table: Entity [sn_grc_profile], record: [profile_record_id] and another with table: Controls [sn_compliance_control], record: [control_record_id]. The table records to be assessed are also known as the assessment scope. You can add multiple scope items but not from the same table. |



| table: Entity [sn_grc_profile], |  |
| --- | --- |
| record: [profile_record_id] |  |
|  | table: Controls |



| [sn_compliance_control], |
| --- |
| record: [control_record_id] |



| Existing metric type | Mapped to |
| --- | --- |
| Name (Translated text) (Max length 255) | Name (Translated text) field in the Assessment Template table ((sn_smart_asmt_template) ). |
| Description (Translated text) (Max length 1000) | Description (Translated html) field in the Assessment Template table ((sn_smart_asmt_template) ). |
| Table (Table Name) | Table (Table Name) field in the Context Item table (sn_smart_asmt_context_item). |


Metric categories are mapped to the Section table (sn_smart_asmt_section)
Existing metric type Mapped to the Section table
Name (Translated text) (Max length 255) Name (Translated text) field.
Description (Translated text) (Max length Description (Translated text) field.
1000)
Order (Integer) Order (Order Index) field.
How metrics are mapped
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing metrics to the question table in the
assessment templates.
Metrics are mapped to the Question table (sn_smart_asmt_question)
Existing metric type Mapped to the Question table
Allow additional information (True/False) Enable justification (True/False) field.
Data type (String) (Max length 40) Based on the Data type field value, the
appropriate question type reference is added
to the Question table. Data type is string.
Details (Translated html) (Max length 8000) Guidance statement (Translated html) field.
Question (Translated text) (Max length 512) Label (Translated text) field.
Mandatory (True/False) Is mandatory (True/False) field
Max (Integer) Max number (Decimal) field
Min (Integer) Minimum number (Decimal) field
Order (Integer) Order (Order index)
How metric types are migrated to question types
After migration, all Question records are set as data type Text.
After migration, all Question records whose source metric is template/Numeric-scale are set with
a response layout of Horizontal.
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing metric types to the question types in
the assessment templates.
Metric type mappings
Existing metric type Mapped to
Attachment Attachment
Choice Drop-down list
Date Date
Date/Time Date/Time
Likert scale Radio button
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2979
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Existing metric type | Mapped to the Section table |
| --- | --- |
| Name (Translated text) (Max length 255) | Name (Translated text) field. |
| Description (Translated text) (Max length 1000) | Description (Translated text) field. |
| Order (Integer) | Order (Order Index) field. |



| Existing metric type | Mapped to the Question table |
| --- | --- |
| Allow additional information (True/False) | Enable justification (True/False) field. |
| Data type (String) (Max length 40) | Based on the Data type field value, the appropriate question type reference is added to the Question table. Data type is string. |
| Details (Translated html) (Max length 8000) | Guidance statement (Translated html) field. |
| Question (Translated text) (Max length 512) | Label (Translated text) field. |
| Mandatory (True/False) | Is mandatory (True/False) field |
| Max (Integer) | Max number (Decimal) field |
| Min (Integer) | Minimum number (Decimal) field |
| Order (Integer) | Order (Order index) |



| Existing metric type | Mapped to |
| --- | --- |
| Attachment | Attachment |
| Choice | Drop-down list |
| Date | Date |
| Date/Time | Date/Time |
| Likert scale | Radio button |


Metric type mappings (continued)
Existing metric type Mapped to
Multiple selection Check box
Numeric scale Radio button
Reference Reference
Yes/No Radio button
How fields are mapped
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing fields to the question table in the
assessment templates.
Fields are mapped to the Question table (sn_smart_asmt_question)
Field in the existing table Mapped to the Question table
Reference table Table field.
Condition Filter condition field.
How metric definitions are mapped
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing metric definitions to the choice table in
the assessment templates.
Metric definitions are mapped to the Choice table (sn_smart_asmt_response_option)
Metric definition in the existing table Mapped to the Choice table
Display Text label field in the Choice table
(sn_smart_asmt_response_option)
Order Integer data type is mapped to the Order
field in the Choice table that is based on the
same ascending sequence of the template-
definition records in the Value field that is
associated with a particular template.
How assessment metric templates are mapped
Only templates where the Allow image field is set to false are migrated. No field mapping is done
for this table.
Metrics whose data type is template are migrated as questions of the type Radio button if the
Allow image field is set to false at the template level.
How assessment template definitions are mapped
This tables shows the mapping used to move the existing template definitions to the choice table
in the assessment templates.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2980
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Existing metric type | Mapped to |
| --- | --- |
| Multiple selection | Check box |
| Numeric scale | Radio button |
| Reference | Reference |
| Yes/No | Radio button |



| Field in the existing table | Mapped to the Question table |
| --- | --- |
| Reference table | Table field. |
| Condition | Filter condition field. |



| Metric definition in the existing table | Mapped to the Choice table |
| --- | --- |
| Display | Text label field in the Choice table (sn_smart_asmt_response_option) |
| Order | Integer data type is mapped to the Order field in the Choice table that is based on the same ascending sequence of the template- definition records in the Value field that is associated with a particular template. |
