# Results of migrating a metric category to an assessment template

*Pages 140–141*

Assessment template definitions are mapped to the Choice table
Assessment template definition in the existing Mapped to the Choice table
table (sn_smart_asmt_response_option)
Display Text label field.
Value Integer data type is mapped to the Order
field in the Choice table, based on the
same ascending sequence of the template-
definition records in the Value field that is
associated with a particular template.
Related topics
Tables installed in Smart Assessment Engine
Results of migrating a metric category to an assessment template
You can view the data that was migrated from the metric type to the Smart Assessment Engine
assessment template in the related lists on the Assessment template migration form.
Tracking assessment template migration
After you have filled out the Assessment template migration form and started the migration
process, you can view the progress and confirm if it completed successfully or if there were any
errors. For more information on the migration process, see Creating an assessment template
from legacy assessment metric types, Migrate a legacy metric type to an assessment template,
and How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates.
Viewing the migration results
To view your migration results, navigate to All > Smart Assessment Engine > Administration >
Template Migrations. In the Assessment template migrations list, select the migration number.
Each migration record for a metric type is assigned a unique number that starts with the text
ATMIG. The form displays the values that were used to generate the template. The related lists
display the status and content of the migrated data. The Section migrations table provides a
description of the fields in the related lists.
Results of the migration
The following table describes the fields in the Section migrations related list.
Section migrations related list
Field Description
Number Unique number that starts with the text
ATSMIG in the migration record for the section.
You can use the number to search for the
record.
Source metric category Metric category that is created from the
section after the metric types are migrated.
Target section Section that was populated during the
migration.
Migration status Migration status:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2981
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Assessment template definition in the existing table | Mapped to the Choice table (sn_smart_asmt_response_option) |
| --- | --- |
| Display | Text label field. |
| Value | Integer data type is mapped to the Order field in the Choice table, based on the same ascending sequence of the template- definition records in the Value field that is associated with a particular template. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number that starts with the text ATSMIG in the migration record for the section. You can use the number to search for the record. |
| Source metric category | Metric category that is created from the section after the metric types are migrated. |
| Target section | Section that was populated during the migration. |


Section migrations related list (continued)
Field Description
•Completed: The migration is completed
successfully.
•Errored: An error occurred during the
migration.
Error details
Description of an error that occurred during
the unsuccessful migration.
Select the down arrow for a section to view the list of questions in the section. The following table
describes the fields in the Question migrations related list.
Question migrations related list
Field Description
Number
Unique number, starting with the text ATQMIG,
that the system assigned to the migration
record for the question. You can use the
number to search for the record.
Source metric Metric that is created from a question after the
assessment template migration.
Target question
Question that was created after the migration.
Migration status Migration status:
•Completed: The migration is completed
successfully.
•Not supported: The metric in the original
metric type isn’t supported for the migration.
•Errored: An error occurred during the
migration.
Error details
Description of an error that occurred during
the unsuccessful migration.
Select the down arrow for a question to view the list of response options for the question. The
following table describes the fields in the Response option migrations related list.
Response option migrations related list
Field Description
Response option migrations
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2982
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Completed: The migration is completed successfully. •Errored: An error occurred during the migration. |
| Error details | Description of an error that occurred during the unsuccessful migration. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number, starting with the text ATQMIG, that the system assigned to the migration record for the question. You can use the number to search for the record. |
| Source metric | Metric that is created from a question after the assessment template migration. |
| Target question | Question that was created after the migration. |
| Migration status | Migration status: •Completed: The migration is completed successfully. •Not supported: The metric in the original metric type isn’t supported for the migration. •Errored: An error occurred during the migration. |
| Error details | Description of an error that occurred during the unsuccessful migration. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Response option migrations |  |
