### Quick start tests for Audit Management

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 8–9.*


---

Item Description
As an audit administrator or audit manager, after you have created
engagements, define which entities are scoped in the audit engagement.
For details, see Add entities to an engagement scope.
After defining a control, audit managers create control tests that run
periodically and provide documented evidence of whether the associated
control is operating correctly. For details, see Create a control test from an
engagement. You can also generate control tests automatically. For details,
see Automatically generate control tests from an engagement
After defining a control, audit managers create activities that explore
and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is
operating correctly. For details, see Create an audit task activity.
After defining a control, audit managers create interviews with control
owners to discuss and provide documented evidence of whether the
associated control is operating correctly. For details, see Create an
interview
After defining a control, audit managers create walkthroughs that will be
conducted to observe and provide documented evidence of whether
the associated control is operating correctly. For details, see Create a
walkthrough.
As an audit manager, generate an audit report that summarizes the findings
of an engagement so report findings can be communicated to executives.
For details, see Generate an audit report from an engagement
Quick start tests for Audit Management
Validate that GRC: Audit Management still works after you make any configuration change such
as apply an upgrade or develop an application. Copy and customize these quick start tests to
pass when using your instance-specific data.
GRC Audit Management
GRC: Audit Management quick start tests require activating the GRC: Audit Management plugin
(com.sn_audit) and loading the demo data.
GRC: Audit Management test suite
Test Description Release version
GRC: Create Audit Validates audit engagement Paris
Engagement and Generate creation and associates
Audit Task entities to generate controls
and test plans. Generates
audit task which is associated
to a test plan.
GRC: Create and process a Paris
milestone Create a milestone in an
engagement, notice that the
due date cannot be in past
and the completion date
cannot be in future and for a
milestone in open state the
percent complete is 0 which


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | As an audit administrator or audit manager, after you have created engagements, define which entities are scoped in the audit engagement. For details, see Add entities to an engagement scope. |
|  | After defining a control, audit managers create control tests that run periodically and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly. For details, see Create a control test from an engagement. You can also generate control tests automatically. For details, see Automatically generate control tests from an engagement |
|  | After defining a control, audit managers create activities that explore and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly. For details, see Create an audit task activity. |
|  | After defining a control, audit managers create interviews with control owners to discuss and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly. For details, see Create an interview |
|  | After defining a control, audit managers create walkthroughs that will be conducted to observe and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly. For details, see Create a walkthrough. |
|  | As an audit manager, generate an audit report that summarizes the findings of an engagement so report findings can be communicated to executives. For details, see Generate an audit report from an engagement |


| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GRC: Create Audit Engagement and Generate Audit Task | Validates audit engagement creation and associates entities to generate controls and test plans. Generates audit task which is associated to a test plan. | Paris |


---

GRC: Audit Management test suite (continued)
Test Description Release version
changes in accordance with
the milestone state change.
GRC: Cost and Resource plan Paris
rollup Create an audit plan and
associate an engagement
to it, on adding cost plan
and resource plan to this
engagement, notice that these
costs are rolled up to the plan.
Any edits to these costs in
engagement reflects in the
plan.
GRC: Create Engagement Paris
Project Manual and automatic On an engagement in the
validate state, once the
Enable advanced planning
ui-action is performed notice
an engagement project
gets created and when the
state of an engagement
associated to an audit plan
having "Advanced planning
capabilities" is changed
to validate notice that an
engagement project gets
created automatically.
GRC: Auditable Unit with Paris
Detailed Risk Assessment Create an Auditable unit
with method as "Detailed
Risk Assessment" and
request for Assessing
the Risk Assessment by
adding the Assessor once
the assessor responds
and Marks Assessment as
Complete after performing
the control assessment and
residual assessment, the risk
assessment fields should be
auto updated.
To learn more about Audit Management, see Audit Management.
Related topics
Quick start tests


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | changes in accordance with the milestone state change. |  |
| GRC: Cost and Resource plan rollup | Create an audit plan and associate an engagement to it, on adding cost plan and resource plan to this engagement, notice that these costs are rolled up to the plan. Any edits to these costs in engagement reflects in the plan. | Paris |
| GRC: Create Engagement Project Manual and automatic | On an engagement in the validate state, once the Enable advanced planning ui-action is performed notice an engagement project gets created and when the state of an engagement associated to an audit plan having "Advanced planning capabilities" is changed to validate notice that an engagement project gets created automatically. | Paris |
| GRC: Auditable Unit with Detailed Risk Assessment | Create an Auditable unit with method as "Detailed Risk Assessment" and request for Assessing the Risk Assessment by adding the Assessor once the assessor responds and Marks Assessment as Complete after performing the control assessment and residual assessment, the risk assessment fields should be auto updated. | Paris |
