### Manage GRC key risk and control indicators

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 44–50.*


---

4.In the Cloud documents related list, select the cloud document.
5. Select Mark as non-sharable.
When a cloud file is marked as a non-shareable document, it cannot be linked to other records.
The cloud document is marked as a non-shareable document. It cannot be shared or
referenced by any other records.
Mark a cloud file as a shareable file
Select one of the non-sharable files and mark it as sharable. Once the cloud file is marked as
shareable, it can be linked to another record, or it can be referenced by other records.​
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.admin, sn_audit.manager, sn_grc_workspace.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Workspace.
2. Select the tasks icon ( ) and select a record from the list.
3. In the Cloud files related list, select the cloud document.
4.Select Mark as sharable.
When a cloud file is marked as a shareable document, it can be linked to other records.
The cloud file is marked as shareable. It can be shared or referenced by other records.
Remove a linked cloud file from a record
Remove a linked cloud file from a record in the Audit Workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.admin, sn_grc_workspace.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Workspace.
2. Select the tasks icon ( ).
3. Select an engagement in the Engagements list.
4.In the Cloud files related list, select the cloud document.
5. Select Remove linked file.
A confirmation pop-up is displayed with the following message: Do you want to remove
the linked file?
6.Select Remove linked file in the pop-up.
When a cloud file is linked to a record, the file access permissions are refreshed according to
the set permissions on the table. For information on File access permissions, see Create Cloud
File Access on engagements and audit tasks.
A confirmation message is displayed that the cloud file is removed from the record.
Manage GRC key risk and control indicators
Continuous monitoring involves activities related to identifying and creating key risk and controls
indicators. Supporting information can be collected for those indicators through automatic data
collection or manual tasks. Indicator results are then used to create issues for controls, update
risk scores, and provide supporting information for audit activities and control testing.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---

Indicators collect data to monitor controls and risks, and collect audit evidence. Indicators
monitor a single control or risk.
Indicator templates
Indicator templates allow the creation of multiple indicators for similar controls or risks.
Engagement Overview
The Engagement Overview is contained in the Audit Management application and provides an
executive view into audit results, engagement breakdowns by task, and allows areas of concern
to be identified quickly.
The Engagement Overview module displays audit information that is tailored to the role of the
user.
Audit Engagement Overview
Users with the Audit Administrator, Audit User, and Audit Manager roles view the Audit
Engagement Overview. It contains the following reports in the base system.
Audit Engagement Overview reports
Name Visual Description
Engagement Column Displays an overall count of audit engagements conducted for each
Results Chart entity. The chart is stacked to display the overall audit results for each
entity.
Entities by Donut Displays the total number of entities included in the scope of each
Engagement chart audit engagement.
Controls by Donut Displays the total number of controls included in scope of each audit
Engagement chart engagement.
Entity Drop Select one or many entities to view and compare their audit findings.
down
list
Select Drop Select one or many engagements to view and compare their audit
Engagement down findings.
list
Satisfactory Single Displays the number of engagements closed with a satisfactory result.
Engagements Score
Adequate Single Displays the number of engagements closed with an adequate result.
Engagements Score
Inadequate Single Displays the number of engagements closed with an inadequate
Engagements Score result.
Control Test Donut The number of completed control tests, broken down by overall
Results chart control effectiveness rating.
Issue Bar Count of issues grouped by Engagement, State, or Response
Breakdown Chart
Audit Task Bar Count of audit tasks grouped by Task Type, Assigned to, Top Task and
Breakdown Chart State. Stacked by Task Type, Assigned to, Top Task, and State.
Overdue List List of open audit tasks that have exceeded the planned end date.
Audit Tasks


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Name | Visual | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Engagement Results | Column Chart | Displays an overall count of audit engagements conducted for each entity. The chart is stacked to display the overall audit results for each entity. |
| Entities by Engagement | Donut chart | Displays the total number of entities included in the scope of each audit engagement. |
| Controls by Engagement | Donut chart | Displays the total number of controls included in scope of each audit engagement. |
| Entity | Drop down list | Select one or many entities to view and compare their audit findings. |
| Select Engagement | Drop down list | Select one or many engagements to view and compare their audit findings. |
| Satisfactory Engagements | Single Score | Displays the number of engagements closed with a satisfactory result. |
| Adequate Engagements | Single Score | Displays the number of engagements closed with an adequate result. |
| Inadequate Engagements | Single Score | Displays the number of engagements closed with an inadequate result. |
| Control Test Results | Donut chart | The number of completed control tests, broken down by overall control effectiveness rating. |
| Issue Breakdown | Bar Chart | Count of issues grouped by Engagement, State, or Response |
| Audit Task Breakdown | Bar Chart | Count of audit tasks grouped by Task Type, Assigned to, Top Task and State. Stacked by Task Type, Assigned to, Top Task, and State. |
| Overdue Audit Tasks | List | List of open audit tasks that have exceeded the planned end date. |


---

Create a GRC indicator
Create an Indicator to monitor the controls and risks and collect evidence of performance.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance_admin or compliance_manager, risk_admin or risk_manager,
audit_admin or audit_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicators.
◦Risk > Indicators > Indicators.
◦Audit > Indicators > Indicators.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator
Field Description
Number A unique identification number.
Name Name of the indicator.
Template Related indicator template.
Category Category associated with the Control/Risk
that is selected. This field can’t be edited.
Active Option that determines whether the indicator
is active.
Control/Risk Related control or risk.
Applies to record Profile related to the Item.
Owner Owner of the indicator.
Owning group The group that owns the indicator.
Override Template Option to override the indicator template
associated with this indicator
Last result passed Option that indicates whether the controls
were compliant or non-compliant. If the
controls were compliant, the check box is
selected.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
First run date First collection time for indicator results.
This field is automatically set based on when
an indicator or an indicator template runs for


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | A unique identification number. |
| Name | Name of the indicator. |
| Template | Related indicator template. |
| Category | Category associated with the Control/Risk that is selected. This field can’t be edited. |
| Active | Option that determines whether the indicator is active. |
| Control/Risk | Related control or risk. |
| Applies to record | Profile related to the Item. |
| Owner | Owner of the indicator. |
| Owning group | The group that owns the indicator. |
| Override Template | Option to override the indicator template associated with this indicator |
| Last result passed | Option that indicates whether the controls were compliant or non-compliant. If the controls were compliant, the check box is selected. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |


---

Field Description
the first time. The value in this field can’t be
modified.
Next run date Next run time to collect indicator results of
all downstream indicators for this indicator
template.
Due date duration (days) Due date duration in days between the
creation and due date of the indicator task
and generation of its results.
The due date duration added to the creation
date reflects as the Due date of the indicator
task.
This field appears only when Manual is
selected from the Type field.
For more information, see Performance
enhancements for Indicator nightly job.
Method
Type Results can be gathered manually using task
assignment or automatically using basic
filter conditions, Performance Analytics, or a
script.
◦Manual: Used to create an Indicator task for
an assignee to complete.
◦Basic: Used to designate whether the
indicator identifies the passed or failed
controls.
◦Script: Used to write a script to collect the
required data.
Short Description If Type is Manual, this field is present. A brief
description of the issue.
Instructions If Type is Manual, this field is present.
Instructions for the collection of indicator
results.
Value Mandatory If Type is Manual, this field is present.
Passed/Failed If Type is Basic, this field is present. The
indicator passes or fails.
Script If Type is Script, this field is present. Script
that obtains the required system information.
Supporting Data
Note: Starting with version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data
records from the indicator results or indicator tasks is displayed. Earlier, only the real-
time state of the records collected could be viewed.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | the first time. The value in this field can’t be modified. |
| Next run date | Next run time to collect indicator results of all downstream indicators for this indicator template. |
| Due date duration (days) | Due date duration in days between the creation and due date of the indicator task and generation of its results. The due date duration added to the creation date reflects as the Due date of the indicator task. This field appears only when Manual is selected from the Type field. For more information, see Performance enhancements for Indicator nightly job. |
| Method |  |
| Type | Results can be gathered manually using task assignment or automatically using basic filter conditions, Performance Analytics, or a script. ◦Manual: Used to create an Indicator task for an assignee to complete. ◦Basic: Used to designate whether the indicator identifies the passed or failed controls. ◦Script: Used to write a script to collect the required data. |
| Short Description | If Type is Manual, this field is present. A brief description of the issue. |
| Instructions | If Type is Manual, this field is present. Instructions for the collection of indicator results. |
| Value Mandatory | If Type is Manual, this field is present. |
| Passed/Failed | If Type is Basic, this field is present. The indicator passes or fails. |
| Script | If Type is Script, this field is present. Script that obtains the required system information. |
| Supporting Data |  |
| Note: Starting with version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks is displayed. Earlier, only the real- time state of the records collected could be viewed. |  |
|  |  |


---

Field Description
Table Use supporting data to gather supporting
evidence from other applications.
Supporting data fields Supporting data fields based on the selected
table.
Criteria Conditions that must be met for the
supporting data.
Sample size Number of records to select for the
supporting data.
4.Select Submit.
Create a GRC indicator template
Compliance or risk managers create indicator templates from which many indicators can be
created.
Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
•sn_risk.admin or sn_risk.manager
•sn_audit.admin or sn_audit.manager
•sn_grc.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicator Templates.
◦All > Risk > Indicators > Indicator Templates.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator template form
Field Description
Name Name of the indicator.
Description Description of the indicator.
Category Category for which you’re creating an
indicator template. For example, select Risk
Indicator Template to create a risk indicator
template.
Active Option that determines whether the indicator
template is active.
Method
Type The method used to determine the type
of indicator template. The choices are as
follows:


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Use supporting data to gather supporting evidence from other applications. |
|  |  |
| Supporting data fields | Supporting data fields based on the selected table. |
| Criteria | Conditions that must be met for the supporting data. |
| Sample size | Number of records to select for the supporting data. |


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the indicator. |
| Description | Description of the indicator. |
| Category | Category for which you’re creating an indicator template. For example, select Risk Indicator Template to create a risk indicator template. |
| Active | Option that determines whether the indicator template is active. |
| Method |  |


---

Field Description
◦Manual: Manual indicators are used
for data that cannot be retrieved from a
ServiceNow instance because it comes
from an external system, such as customer
data from a third-party sales system.
◦Basic: Basic indicators are automated
indicators based on an indicator source.
The indicator source specifies a table and
a frequency at which the scores from this
table are saved.
◦Script: Scripted indicators use a custom
script to collect the data.
Result if the value meets or exceeds the Result configuration field. The choices are as
target value follows:
◦Passed
◦Failed
For example, assume you enter 100 in this
field. If the indicator result output is more
than 100, then the indicator status will pass
or fail based on the value configured in this
field.
Target Type Type of the target value. The choices are as
follows:
◦None: Use this option if you do not want
to set up any target or threshold for the
indicator.
◦Percentage: Use this option to determine
the indicator result by a percentage value.
◦Count: Use this option to determine the
indicator result by a count value or total
number.
Target The value that determines if the indicator
should pass or fail.
Instructions Additional instructions for the template.
Value mandatory Option to decide if a value must be
compulsory in the indicator task for a manual
indicator.
Note: This option appears only if
Manual is selected from the Type field.
This option is automatically selected if
Count or the Percentage is selected
from the Target type field.
Supporting Data


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Manual: Manual indicators are used for data that cannot be retrieved from a ServiceNow instance because it comes from an external system, such as customer data from a third-party sales system. ◦Basic: Basic indicators are automated indicators based on an indicator source. The indicator source specifies a table and a frequency at which the scores from this table are saved. ◦Script: Scripted indicators use a custom script to collect the data. |
| Result if the value meets or exceeds the target value | Result configuration field. The choices are as follows: ◦Passed ◦Failed For example, assume you enter 100 in this field. If the indicator result output is more than 100, then the indicator status will pass or fail based on the value configured in this field. |
| Target Type | Type of the target value. The choices are as follows: ◦None: Use this option if you do not want to set up any target or threshold for the indicator. ◦Percentage: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a percentage value. ◦Count: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a count value or total number. |
| Target | The value that determines if the indicator should pass or fail. |
| Instructions | Additional instructions for the template. |
| Value mandatory | Option to decide if a value must be compulsory in the indicator task for a manual indicator. Note: This option appears only if Manual is selected from the Type field. This option is automatically selected if Count or the Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Supporting Data |  |


---

Field Description
Note: Starting with version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data
records from the indicator results or indicator tasks are displayed. Earlier, only the real-
time state of the records collected could be viewed.
Collect supporting data Option to enable collecting supporting data
or evidence every time the indicator runs.
Table Table used for collecting supporting data.
Supporting data fields Fields of the source table to be used for
collecting the supporting data.
Sample collection type Type of supporting data collection, such as
count or percentage.
Sample size Minimum number of records that must be
used for collecting supporting data.
For example, a basic indicator could query a
large table, returning thousands of records
with each indicator execution. You do not
need to save all of them; just a sample of
those records. If you enter a sample size of
100, only 100 records are saved, even though
the query returned thousands.
Basic Criteria
Criteria Criteria to filter the data from the source table.
Use reference field Option to enable the use of the Reference
field.
Reference field Connection between the supporting data
table and the Applies to record field of the
entity.
Additional Criteria
To create indicators with targets, use the advanced filter criteria. This section appears only
when you select Basic from the Type field. This section is used to provide more filter criteria.
Additional criteria More criteria to filter the data to calculate the
target value. This section only appears when
Percentage is selected from the Target type
field.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
First run date First collection time for indicator results. This
field is automatically set based on when an
indicator or an indicator template runs for
the first time. The value in this field can't be
modified.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Note: Starting with version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks are displayed. Earlier, only the real- time state of the records collected could be viewed. |  |
| Collect supporting data | Option to enable collecting supporting data or evidence every time the indicator runs. |
| Table | Table used for collecting supporting data. |
| Supporting data fields | Fields of the source table to be used for collecting the supporting data. |
| Sample collection type | Type of supporting data collection, such as count or percentage. |
| Sample size | Minimum number of records that must be used for collecting supporting data. For example, a basic indicator could query a large table, returning thousands of records with each indicator execution. You do not need to save all of them; just a sample of those records. If you enter a sample size of 100, only 100 records are saved, even though the query returned thousands. |
| Basic Criteria |  |
| Criteria | Criteria to filter the data from the source table. |
| Use reference field | Option to enable the use of the Reference field. |
| Reference field | Connection between the supporting data table and the Applies to record field of the entity. |
| Additional Criteria |  |
| To create indicators with targets, use the advanced filter criteria. This section appears only when you select Basic from the Type field. This section is used to provide more filter criteria. |  |
| Additional criteria | More criteria to filter the data to calculate the target value. This section only appears when Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| First run date | First collection time for indicator results. This field is automatically set based on when an indicator or an indicator template runs for the first time. The value in this field can't be modified. |
