### Manage audit issues and remediation

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 52–58.*


---

To enable the Confidentiality property at the system level:
1.Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Administration > GRC Properties.
Note: The user must have sn_grc.admin role.
2. Select Yes for Enable record level confidentiality.
3. Click Save.
Manage audit issues and remediation
Issues can be created manually to document audit observations or remediations, or to accept
any problems. They are automatically generated from indicator results, attestation results, or
control test effectiveness.
Various types of issues are created under the following conditions:
Issue
Created when an indicator fails
Control issue
Created when a control attestation is completed indicating that the control is Not
implemented
Control test issue
Created when a control test is closed complete with the control effectiveness set to
Ineffective
Other issue
Created by the user manually
Remediating an issue marks an intention to fix the underlying issue causing the control failure or
risk exposure. Accepting an issue marks an intention to create an exception for a known control
failure or risk. Controls that are Accepted remain in a non-compliant state until the control is
reassessed. In this way, the issue can be used to document observations during audits.
For more information on issues and observations, see Manually create GRC issues and Audit
observations.
Manually create GRC issues
As a GRC user, you can manually create issues to document policy, risk, or audit observations,
or to accept any GRC problems. You can also identify the source of the issue to help analyze and
classify the issues.
Before you begin
Role required: (per product)
•In Policy and Compliance Management: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
•In Risk Management: sn_grc.business_user
•In Audit Management: sn_grc.business_usersn_grc.business_user_lite
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1 of the products mentioned above, the minimum role for
the Assigned to user on the Issues form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user]. The
minimum role for the Issue manager is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
For more information on the access control limitations to issues, see GRC business user role to
control access and track usage of compliance tables.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---

Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Issues > Create New.
◦Risk > Issues > Create New.
◦Audit > Issues > Create New.
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1 of the products mentioned above, the minimum role for
the Assigned to user on the Issues form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user].
The minimum role for the Issue manager is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
2. On the Issue form, fill in the fields.
The due date under the Dates tab is automatically calculated based on the issue rating. You
can manually override the calculated due date. The Task SLAs related list creates and displays
SLAs based on the Due date.
3. Save the issue record.
The tabs at the bottom of the screen enable you to perform various tasks for remediating the
issue. You can add policy exceptions and create remediation tasks. Additionally, you can view
other issues, indicator results, and task SLAs related to the issue.
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1, the Task SLA tab creates and displays SLAs based
on the Due date. Notifications are sent to the issue owner and issue manager when the
issue Due date reaches 50%, then 75%, then when it breaches. If the Assigned to and
Due date fields are not empty and the issue is not in the New state, an SLA is created for
the issue.
If the due date for the SLA changes, a new SLA is created. The SLA is completed
when the issue transitions to Closed Complete or Closed Incomplete. Also, the SLA is
cancelled if the Due date or Assigned to fields are empty, or the state is New.
Also starting with Version 12.0.1, remediation tasks can be created with the Assigned to
user and issue manager user roles, as well as any user with the GRC Business User role.
Issue form
Use the Issue form to create a new issue.
Issue form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number.
Assignment group Group to which this issue has been assigned.
Each member gets a notification when an
activity happens on this issue.
Assigned to Member of the group assigned to resolve the
issue.
Starting with Version 12.0.1, the user must have
at least the sn_grc.business_user role.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Assignment group | Group to which this issue has been assigned. Each member gets a notification when an activity happens on this issue. |


---

Issue form (continued)
Field Description
Note: Use the bulb icon to get
suggestions on who must the issue
be assigned to. The bulb icon only
appears if you have the GRC: Predictive
Intelligence application activated, the
form is saved, the Assigned to field is
not inactive, and the GRC Property is
selected as Similarity Analysis. For more
information, see Governance, Risk, and
Compliance properties.
You can configure a hierarchy of users
to access the issue record. For more
information, see User hierarchy access
control for issue and remediation task
records.
Starting with Version 12.0.1, the assigned-to
user gets an email notification when the issue
manager requests more information.
Starting with Version 12.0.1, when an issue
transitions to the Respond state, an entry in
the Assigned to field is mandatory.
Issue source Source from where the issue was created.
This field is auto-populated with one of the
following options based on how the issue is
created:
•Indicator Failure: Issue is created by a failure
of the indicator
•Risk Assessment: Issue is created in a risk
•Risk Event: Issue is created in a risk event
•Control Attestation Failure: Issue is created
due to a non-compliant control
•Control Test Failure: Issue is created when a
control is ineffective and the control test is
marked as closed and complete
•Ad-hoc: Issue is manually created
Issue type Type of issue. Choices are:
•Control design effectiveness failure
•Control operative effectiveness failure
•Control does not meet requirement
•Control does not exist
•Non-compliance to a regulation
•Non-compliance to a policy


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: Use the bulb icon to get suggestions on who must the issue be assigned to. The bulb icon only appears if you have the GRC: Predictive Intelligence application activated, the form is saved, the Assigned to field is not inactive, and the GRC Property is selected as Similarity Analysis. For more information, see Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties. You can configure a hierarchy of users to access the issue record. For more information, see User hierarchy access control for issue and remediation task records. Starting with Version 12.0.1, the assigned-to user gets an email notification when the issue manager requests more information. Starting with Version 12.0.1, when an issue transitions to the Respond state, an entry in the Assigned to field is mandatory. | Note: Use the bulb icon to get suggestions on who must the issue be assigned to. The bulb icon only appears if you have the GRC: Predictive Intelligence application activated, the form is saved, the Assigned to field is not inactive, and the GRC Property is selected as Similarity Analysis. For more information, see Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties. You can configure a hierarchy of users to access the issue record. For more information, see User hierarchy access control for issue and remediation task records. |
| Issue source | Source from where the issue was created. This field is auto-populated with one of the following options based on how the issue is created: •Indicator Failure: Issue is created by a failure of the indicator •Risk Assessment: Issue is created in a risk •Risk Event: Issue is created in a risk event •Control Attestation Failure: Issue is created due to a non-compliant control •Control Test Failure: Issue is created when a control is ineffective and the control test is marked as closed and complete •Ad-hoc: Issue is manually created |  |


---

Issue form (continued)
Field Description
•Improvement or suggestion to an existing
policy
•Recommendation for a new policy
•Process optimization or improvement
•Observation
•Data Breach
•Fraud
•Misstatement
•Training
•Documentation
•Risk issue
•Other
Classification The classification of the issue as a risk,
compliance, or audit, based on the issue type.
Issue manager group The group responsible for managing and
reviewing the issue.
Starting with Version 12.0.1, the following
enhancements and requirements were
introduced:
•Members of the issue manager group must
have one of the following roles:
◦sn_audit.manager
◦sn_audit.user
◦sn_compliance.manager
◦sn_compliance.user
◦sn_grc.manager
◦sn_grc.user
◦sn_risk.manager
◦sn_risk.user
•When an issue transitions to the Analyze
state, an entry in either the Issue manager
group or Issue manager field is mandatory.
•When an issue is assigned to the group,
the members receive an email notification.
Additionally, the issue manager receives an
email notification when the issue transitions
to the Review state.
Issue manager The user responsible for managing and
reviewing the issue.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Improvement or suggestion to an existing policy •Recommendation for a new policy •Process optimization or improvement •Observation •Data Breach •Fraud •Misstatement •Training •Documentation •Risk issue •Other |
| Classification | The classification of the issue as a risk, compliance, or audit, based on the issue type. |
| Issue manager group | The group responsible for managing and reviewing the issue. Starting with Version 12.0.1, the following enhancements and requirements were introduced: •Members of the issue manager group must have one of the following roles: ◦sn_audit.manager ◦sn_audit.user ◦sn_compliance.manager ◦sn_compliance.user ◦sn_grc.manager ◦sn_grc.user ◦sn_risk.manager ◦sn_risk.user •When an issue transitions to the Analyze state, an entry in either the Issue manager group or Issue manager field is mandatory. •When an issue is assigned to the group, the members receive an email notification. Additionally, the issue manager receives an email notification when the issue transitions to the Review state. |


---

Issue form (continued)
Field Description
Starting with Version 12.0.1, the following
enhancements and requirements were
introduced:
•The issue manager must have at least the
sn_grc.user role.
•The issue manager receives an email
notification when the assigned-to user
provides requested information.
•When an issue transitions to the Analyze
state, an entry in either this field or Issue
manager is mandatory.
•When an issue transitions to the Respond
state, an entry in this field is mandatory.
State
•New
•Analyze
•Respond
•Review
•Closed Complete
•Closed Incomplete
Substate The substate and applicable details for the
substate.
Priority The sequence in which an issue must be
resolved, based on its impact and urgency:
•1 — Critical
•2 — High
•3 — Moderate
•4 — Low
•5 — Planning
Issue rating Starting with Version 12.0.1, the issue manager
can assign the issue rating to the issue.
Based on the issue rating, the Due date under
the Dates tab is calculated as follows and
displayed:
•Very high (2 days)
•High (4 days)
•Moderate (8 days)
•Low (10 days)
•Very Low (15 days)


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Starting with Version 12.0.1, the following enhancements and requirements were introduced: •The issue manager must have at least the sn_grc.user role. •The issue manager receives an email notification when the assigned-to user provides requested information. •When an issue transitions to the Analyze state, an entry in either this field or Issue manager is mandatory. •When an issue transitions to the Respond state, an entry in this field is mandatory. |
| State | •New •Analyze •Respond •Review •Closed Complete •Closed Incomplete |
| Substate | The substate and applicable details for the substate. |
| Priority | The sequence in which an issue must be resolved, based on its impact and urgency: •1 — Critical •2 — High •3 — Moderate •4 — Low •5 — Planning |


---

Issue form (continued)
Field Description
You can manually override the Due date.
Note: Users with the
sn_grc.manager and
sn_grc_advanced.issue_triage_manager
role can navigate to Policy and
Compliance > Administration > Issue
rating and define additional issue
ratings.p
When the issue transitions to the
Respond state, the Issue rating field is
read only.
Issue group rule Group rule assigned to this issue. The
Issue group rule is used to group similar
issues together into a parent issue based
on the conditions defined in the rule. This
rule enables you to work on similar issues
simultaneously and close out the parent issue
after all issues are resolved. This closes out all
the child issues.
Parent Issue Parent issue this issue belongs to.
Configuration item Item associated with this issue. If all child
issues have the same configuration item, it
gets copied over to the parent issue
Location Location where the issue occurred.
Short description A name for the issue.
Starting with Version 12.0.1, this label is
changed to Name.
Description A more comprehensive description of the
issue.
Details
Control/Risk Control or risk associated with the issue.
When the control is associated, the
corresponding entity of the control is added
to the Entity field, and the control objective
is added to the Control Objective/Risk
Statement field. These control objective
and entity are the ones that are linked to this
control.
When the control is associated to the
issue form, an m2m record is created in
the source [sn_grc_m2m_issue_item]
table. Whenever a record is added in the
source table, a corresponding record,


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | You can manually override the Due date. Note: Users with the sn_grc.manager and sn_grc_advanced.issue_triage_manager role can navigate to Policy and Compliance > Administration > Issue rating and define additional issue ratings.p When the issue transitions to the Respond state, the Issue rating field is read only. |
| Issue group rule | Group rule assigned to this issue. The Issue group rule is used to group similar issues together into a parent issue based on the conditions defined in the rule. This rule enables you to work on similar issues simultaneously and close out the parent issue after all issues are resolved. This closes out all the child issues. |
| Parent Issue | Parent issue this issue belongs to. |
| Configuration item | Item associated with this issue. If all child issues have the same configuration item, it gets copied over to the parent issue |
| Location | Location where the issue occurred. |
| Short description Starting with Version 12.0.1, this label is changed to Name. | A name for the issue. |
| Description | A more comprehensive description of the issue. |
| Details |  |


---

Issue form (continued)
Field Description
Issue to Entity is added in the destination
[sn_grc_m2m_issue_to_entity] table, and
another record Issue to Content is added in
the destination [sn_grc_m2m_issue_content]
table for the associated entity and control
objective of the control.
Entity Related entity.
Policy The policy associated with the issue.
Authority document The authority document associated with the
issue.
Control Objective/Risk Statement The control objective or risk statement related
to this issue.
Recommendation Resolution actions recommended by the risk,
compliance, or audit teams.
Action Plan The plan for remediating the issue.
Dates
Planned start date Date and time that work on the issue is
expected to begin.
Planned end date Date and time that work on the issue is
expected to end.
Planned duration Estimated amount of work time for the issue.
Confirmed date (Starting with Version 12.0.1) The date when the
issue is confirmed. This field is read-only, and
displays today's date when the issue is moved
from New to any of the following states:
•Analyze
•Review
•Respond
Note: If a triage issue is converted to an
actual issue, this field displays the date it
was converted.
Due date (Starting with Version 12.0.1) This date is auto-
populated based on a GRC property. Navigate
to Policy and Compliance > Administration
> GRC Properties. If the Auto populate due
date based on issue rating property is set
to Yes, this field is auto-populated based on
the predefined remediation time frame for
the issue's risk rating. Otherwise, you can
manually enter a due date.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Issue to Entity is added in the destination [sn_grc_m2m_issue_to_entity] table, and another record Issue to Content is added in the destination [sn_grc_m2m_issue_content] table for the associated entity and control objective of the control. |
| Entity | Related entity. |
| Policy | The policy associated with the issue. |
| Authority document | The authority document associated with the issue. |
| Control Objective/Risk Statement | The control objective or risk statement related to this issue. |
| Recommendation | Resolution actions recommended by the risk, compliance, or audit teams. |
| Action Plan | The plan for remediating the issue. |
| Dates |  |
| Planned start date | Date and time that work on the issue is expected to begin. |
| Planned end date | Date and time that work on the issue is expected to end. |
| Planned duration | Estimated amount of work time for the issue. |
| Confirmed date | (Starting with Version 12.0.1) The date when the issue is confirmed. This field is read-only, and displays today's date when the issue is moved from New to any of the following states: •Analyze •Review •Respond Note: If a triage issue is converted to an actual issue, this field displays the date it was converted. |
