### Audit plan overview

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 69–79.*


---

Audit plan overview
An audit plan enables you to plan all your audit engagements in a systematic and logical manner.
An audit engagement is like a project which involves multiple tasks and it is difficult to manage all
audit activities without planning well. Having a well-defined plan with all the audits, their projects,
and costs helps audit managers to perform their tasks efficiently.
Audit plan uses and benefits
An audit team conducts multiple audits in an organization. Creating an audit plan enables the
audit teams to plan their audits and engagements better. By creating an audit plan, the auditor
directors or audit leads with the role sn_audit.manager can:
•Plan engagements effectively and ensure that the goals set in the annual internal audit plan
are accomplished.
•Help the auditor obtain appropriate evidence for the circumstances.
•Keep audit costs at a reasonable level.
•Ensure that potential problems are promptly identified
•Get the scope of the audit program determined by an auditor to perform the audit tasks in a
well-defined manner.
Audit planning workflow
•Defining the purpose of the audit
•Risk assessment
•Audit scoping
•High-level audit schedule and detailed audit timeline with milestones
•Resource planning by necessary skills and building audit team
•Cost planning
When you create an audit plan with advanced planning capabilities and add engagements
to the plan, and move the engagement to either Validate or Fieldwork state, an associated
engagement project is automatically generated.
Note: A project is only created if the PPM Standard plugin is installed and the user has the
it_project_manager role. If the user does not have the it_project_manager role and has only
the sn_audit.manager role, even when advanced planning capabilities are enabled on the
plan, the engagements do not have corresponding projects when they move into Validate
or Fieldwork states.
After you add engagements to an audit plan, you also have the flexibility to change the parent
plan of the engagements. It is important to note the following points:
•Engagements can be either added or removed from a plan only when the plan is in Draft,
Awaiting Approval, and Approved states.
•The parent plan can only be changed on an engagement when the engagement is in Scope,
Validate and, Fieldwork states.
Create an audit plan
Create an audit plan to manage different types of audits in a periodic manner and group
engagements in a logical manner.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---

Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.manager, it_project_manager (to create projects)
Activate the Advanced Audit plugin (com.sn_audit_advanced).
About this task
When an audit plan is created and engagements are added to the plan, the plan is sent to the
approver for approval.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Plans > Create New.
2. On the form, fill in the fields.
Plan form
Field Description
Number Unique number of the plan.
Name Name of the plan. For example, Annual Audit
Plan for Payroll.
Timeframe Duration of the plan. The choices are:
◦Annual
◦Semi-annual
◦Quarter
◦Other
Start date Date the plan begins.
End date Date the plan ends. This field is automatically
populated based on the choice made in the
Timeframe field. If the Timeframe field has
Other, then enter an end date manually.
Owning group Group responsible for owning the plan.
Owner Plan owner.
State State of the plan. The default state is Draft.
Substate Substate of the plan. The value in this field
changes based on the workflow.
Type Type of the plan. The choices are:
◦None
◦Internal Audit Plan
◦External Audit Plan
◦SOX Audit
◦Compliance Audit Plan
◦Vendor Audit Plan
◦Customer Audit Plan
Plan with Planning capability to use for the
engagements. The choices are:


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number of the plan. |
| Name | Name of the plan. For example, Annual Audit Plan for Payroll. |
| Timeframe | Duration of the plan. The choices are: ◦Annual ◦Semi-annual ◦Quarter ◦Other |
| Start date | Date the plan begins. |
| End date | Date the plan ends. This field is automatically populated based on the choice made in the Timeframe field. If the Timeframe field has Other, then enter an end date manually. |
| Owning group | Group responsible for owning the plan. |
| Owner | Plan owner. |
| State | State of the plan. The default state is Draft. |
| Substate | Substate of the plan. The value in this field changes based on the workflow. |
| Type | Type of the plan. The choices are: ◦None ◦Internal Audit Plan ◦External Audit Plan ◦SOX Audit ◦Compliance Audit Plan ◦Vendor Audit Plan ◦Customer Audit Plan |


---

Field Description
◦Basic planning capabilities:
◦Advanced Planning capabilities: If you
select this option, engagement projects are
automatically created.
Approvers Person who approves the plan.
Description Brief description of the plan.
Objectives Objectives of the plan.
Expenses and Resources
Budgeted expenses Budget allocated for the engagements under
the plan.
Planned expenses Rolled up planned expenses from the
engagements.
Actual expenses Rolled up actual expenses from the
engagements.
Expense comments Notes about the expense details.
Budgeted resources Number of hours allocated for the
engagements under the plan.
Planned resources Rolled up planned resources from the
engagements.
Actual resources Rolled up actual resources from the
engagements.
Resource comments Notes about the resource details.
3. Save the form.
The Engagements related list appears.
4.In the Engagements related list, add engagements by either clicking New or Edit.
5. Click Request Approval.
The state changes from Draft to Awaiting approval.
Approve a plan
Approve a plan if you're assigned as an approver after plan creation. You can also request that
the plan be reviewed or request more information about the plan from the plan creator.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > My Plan Approvals.
2. Select and open the plan you want to approve.
3. Review the plan and click one of the following options:


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Basic planning capabilities: ◦Advanced Planning capabilities: If you select this option, engagement projects are automatically created. |
| Approvers | Person who approves the plan. |
| Description | Brief description of the plan. |
| Objectives | Objectives of the plan. |
| Expenses and Resources |  |
| Budgeted expenses | Budget allocated for the engagements under the plan. |
| Planned expenses | Rolled up planned expenses from the engagements. |
| Actual expenses | Rolled up actual expenses from the engagements. |
| Expense comments | Notes about the expense details. |
| Budgeted resources | Number of hours allocated for the engagements under the plan. |
| Planned resources | Rolled up planned resources from the engagements. |
| Actual resources | Rolled up actual resources from the engagements. |
| Resource comments | Notes about the resource details. |


---

Option Description
Approve Approve the plan that is created.
Request Revision Request for the plan to be reviewed or
modified, if it is not appropriate.
Request Information Request more information about the plan.
Cancel Cancel the plan.
Create an engagement with advanced planning
Use the advanced planning capabilities to create an engagement that automatically creates an
engagement project. After an engagement project is created, you can add resource plans and
cost plans to the engagement. The values of these plans roll up to the engagement and to the
audit plan.
Before you begin
To use the advanced planning feature, you must activate the following store applications and
plugins:
•GRC Advanced Audit plugin (com.sn_audit_advanced)
•GRC Profiles
•GRC Policy and Compliance Management
•GRC Risk Management
•GRC Advanced Core
•GRC Advanced Risk
•GRC Audit Management
•Project Portfolio Management Standard
You can choose to create audit plans for the engagement.
Note: To know more about the applications in GRC module, see Governance, Risk, and
Compliance.
Role required: sn_audit.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Engagements > Create New.
2. On the form, fill in the fields.
Engagement form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number of the
engagement.
Name Name of the engagement.
Type Type of engagement. The choices are as
follows:


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Approve | Approve the plan that is created. |
| Request Revision | Request for the plan to be reviewed or modified, if it is not appropriate. |
| Request Information | Request more information about the plan. |
| Cancel | Cancel the plan. |


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number of the engagement. |
| Name | Name of the engagement. |


---

Field Description
◦None
◦Internal Audit
◦External Audit
◦SOX Audit
◦IT Audit
◦Financial Audit
◦Compliance Audit
◦Certification Audit
◦Regulatory Audit
◦Operational Audit
◦Continuous Audit
◦Vendor Audit
◦Customer Audit
◦Store Audit
◦Quality Audit
◦Project Audit
Note: For more information on the
types of audits, see Audit types.
Assigned to User assigned to the engagement.
State State of the engagement. The choices are as
follows:
◦Scope
◦Validate
◦Fieldwork
◦Awaiting Approval
◦Follow Up
◦Closed Complete
◦Closed Incomplete
Note: For more information on
each of these states, see Manage
engagements.
Percent complete Percentage of the engagement that is
complete.
Auditors Auditors assigned to the engagement.
Approvers Approvers assigned to the engagement.
Description General description of the engagement.
Objectives Stated objectives of the engagement.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦None ◦Internal Audit ◦External Audit ◦SOX Audit ◦IT Audit ◦Financial Audit ◦Compliance Audit ◦Certification Audit ◦Regulatory Audit ◦Operational Audit ◦Continuous Audit ◦Vendor Audit ◦Customer Audit ◦Store Audit ◦Quality Audit ◦Project Audit Note: For more information on the types of audits, see Audit types. |
| Assigned to | User assigned to the engagement. |
| State | State of the engagement. The choices are as follows: ◦Scope ◦Validate ◦Fieldwork ◦Awaiting Approval ◦Follow Up ◦Closed Complete ◦Closed Incomplete Note: For more information on each of these states, see Manage engagements. |
| Percent complete | Percentage of the engagement that is complete. |
| Auditors | Auditors assigned to the engagement. |
| Approvers | Approvers assigned to the engagement. |
| Description | General description of the engagement. |
| Objectives | Stated objectives of the engagement. |


---

Field Description
Schedule
Engagement planned start Estimated start date of the engagement.
Engagement starts Choice to automatically determine the start
date of the engagement. The choices are as
follows:
◦Scope
◦Validate
◦Fieldwork
Engagement actual start Actual date when the engagement begins.
Engagement planned end Estimated end date of the engagement.
Engagement ends Choice to automatically determine the end
date of the engagement. The choices are as
follows:
◦Follow Up
◦Closed
Note: For more information on the
Follow Up and Closed states, see
Manage engagements.
Engagement actual end Actual date the engagement ends.
Fieldwork planned start Estimated start date of the fieldwork.
Fieldwork planned end Planned end date that was originally set in
the engagement.
Note: This field is automatically set to
one day after the planned start date for
fieldwork.
Fieldwork planned duration Number of days and hours planned for
fieldwork. The duration and planned start
date of fieldwork are used to calculate the
planned end date. If audit tasks are defined,
this field is automatically set to the longest
planned duration from the audit tasks.
Fieldwork actual start Actual start date of the fieldwork. If audit
tasks are defined, this field is automatically
set to the earliest actual start date from the
audit tasks.
Fieldwork actual end Actual end date of the fieldwork. If audit tasks
are defined, this field is automatically set
to the latest actual end date from the audit
tasks.
Fieldwork actual duration Duration of fieldwork start date and end date.
Results


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Schedule |  |
| Engagement planned start | Estimated start date of the engagement. |
| Engagement starts | Choice to automatically determine the start date of the engagement. The choices are as follows: ◦Scope ◦Validate ◦Fieldwork |
| Engagement actual start | Actual date when the engagement begins. |
| Engagement planned end | Estimated end date of the engagement. |
| Engagement ends | Choice to automatically determine the end date of the engagement. The choices are as follows: ◦Follow Up ◦Closed Note: For more information on the Follow Up and Closed states, see Manage engagements. |
| Engagement actual end | Actual date the engagement ends. |
| Fieldwork planned start | Estimated start date of the fieldwork. |
| Fieldwork planned end | Planned end date that was originally set in the engagement. Note: This field is automatically set to one day after the planned start date for fieldwork. |
| Fieldwork planned duration | Number of days and hours planned for fieldwork. The duration and planned start date of fieldwork are used to calculate the planned end date. If audit tasks are defined, this field is automatically set to the longest planned duration from the audit tasks. |
| Fieldwork actual start | Actual start date of the fieldwork. If audit tasks are defined, this field is automatically set to the earliest actual start date from the audit tasks. |
| Fieldwork actual end | Actual end date of the fieldwork. If audit tasks are defined, this field is automatically set to the latest actual end date from the audit tasks. |
| Fieldwork actual duration | Duration of fieldwork start date and end date. |
| Results |  |


---

Field Description
Result Results of the engagement. The choices are
as follows:
◦Satisfactory
◦Adequate
◦Inadequate
Opinion Justification for the selected result.
Report
Knowledge base Knowledge base to use to select the report
template.
Report template Template that is used to generate the
knowledge base article which reports the
engagement results.
KB article Recently generated knowledge base article
which contains the engagement results.
Activity
Additional comments Comments that are viewable by customers.
Work notes Comments that are viewable by the
administrator and by the audit manager.
Plan Details
Parent plan Plan to associate the engagement with.
Confidentiality
Confidential Option to enable confidentiality of the record.
Only the assigned confidential users or
confidential groups of users can access the
record.
For more information on confidential
option, see Confidentiality flag for audit and
compliance records.
Expenses and Resources
Budgeted expenses Budgeted expenses for the engagement.
Planned expenses Estimated expenses for the engagement.
If the cost plan is defined, this field
automatically displays the estimated
expenses.
Remaining budgeted expenses Difference between Budgeted expenses and
Planned expenses. This field is automatically
set.
Actual expenses Actual expenses incurred. If timecards are
defined, this field is automatically set.
Budgeted resources Budgeted resources for the engagement, in
hours.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Result | Results of the engagement. The choices are as follows: ◦Satisfactory ◦Adequate ◦Inadequate |
| Opinion | Justification for the selected result. |
| Report |  |
| Knowledge base | Knowledge base to use to select the report template. |
| Report template | Template that is used to generate the knowledge base article which reports the engagement results. |
| KB article | Recently generated knowledge base article which contains the engagement results. |
| Activity |  |
| Additional comments | Comments that are viewable by customers. |
| Work notes | Comments that are viewable by the administrator and by the audit manager. |
| Plan Details |  |
| Parent plan | Plan to associate the engagement with. |
| Confidentiality |  |
| Confidential | Option to enable confidentiality of the record. Only the assigned confidential users or confidential groups of users can access the record. For more information on confidential option, see Confidentiality flag for audit and compliance records. |
| Expenses and Resources |  |
| Budgeted expenses | Budgeted expenses for the engagement. |
| Planned expenses | Estimated expenses for the engagement. If the cost plan is defined, this field automatically displays the estimated expenses. |
| Remaining budgeted expenses | Difference between Budgeted expenses and Planned expenses. This field is automatically set. |
| Actual expenses | Actual expenses incurred. If timecards are defined, this field is automatically set. |
| Budgeted resources | Budgeted resources for the engagement, in hours. |


---

Field Description
Planned resources Estimated resources for the engagement, in
hours. If resource plans are defined, this field
is automatically set.
Actual resources Actual resources for the engagement, in
hours. If timecards are defined, this field is
automatically set.
Project Details
Project Automatically created engagement project.
This field is populated when you click
Validate and Plan.
Note: This field also gets populated
when you click Enable Advanced
Planning on the engagement, in
the Validate or Fieldwork state. This
field also gets populated if any of the
following are true:
◦The field is already linked to a plan
with advanced planning capabilities.
◦The user has the required roles.
◦The engagement is in the correct
state.
Time card approver Person assigned to the engagement. You can
also change the approver in this field.
Note: If more than one user is
selected, then everyone on the list must
approve the time cards.
3. Click Validate and Plan.
Note: The Validate and Plan button only appears if the Advanced Audit plugin is
activated.
The project details are populated.
4.Click Enable Advanced Planning.
Result
An engagement project is created in the background for the engagement. The Resource Plan
and Cost Plan related lists also appear.
What to do next
Create a resource plan and Create a cost plan .
Add auditors for an engagement from resource plans
Assign audit tasks to auditors in an engagement from the resource plans. Resource plans
track the cost associated to auditors. Considering this cost is important while planning the
engagement.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Planned resources | Estimated resources for the engagement, in hours. If resource plans are defined, this field is automatically set. |
| Actual resources | Actual resources for the engagement, in hours. If timecards are defined, this field is automatically set. |
| Project Details |  |
| Project | Automatically created engagement project. This field is populated when you click Validate and Plan. |
|  | Note: This field also gets populated when you click Enable Advanced Planning on the engagement, in the Validate or Fieldwork state. This field also gets populated if any of the following are true: ◦The field is already linked to a plan with advanced planning capabilities. ◦The user has the required roles. ◦The engagement is in the correct state. |
|  |  |
| Time card approver | Person assigned to the engagement. You can also change the approver in this field. |
|  | Note: If more than one user is selected, then everyone on the list must approve the time cards. |
|  |  |


---

Before you begin
If you have an engagement record with a resource plan created, the resource plan must be in
Allocated state. The users in the Resource Allocations section of the resource plan contain
resources that can be added as auditors. The auditors you add must have sn_audit.user or
external auditor role, and pps_resource role. The Resource Plans related list with its associated
workflow is only available when the GRC Advanced Audit and the Project Portfolio Management
plugins are activated.
Role required: sn_audit.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Engagements.
2. Open the engagement record to which you want to add auditors.
3. Click the Resource Plan related list.
4.Click the Add Auditors button.
The resources who have the required roles are automatically added to the auditors field, if they
are not already present.
Create an auditable unit
Create auditable units with entities such as business units, departments, vendors, products,
business processes, business applications, locations, authority documents, and policies to
perform risk assessments on the auditable units.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.user or sn_audit.manager
Activate the GRC Advanced Audit plugin (com.sn_audit_advanced).
About this task
You can create an auditable unit and decide the type of risk assessment you want to perform
on the auditable unit. After the risk assessment is done, based on the risk ratings, the audit
managers can decide if they want to audit the entities. You can scope an auditable unit as an
entity on an engagement.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit Universe > All Auditable Units.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Auditable Unit form
Field Description
Number Unique number of the auditable unit.
Name Name of the auditable unit. For example,
Accounts Payable - Finance.
Owning group Group that owns the auditable unit.
Owner Owner of the auditable unit.
State State of auditable unit. The default state is
Draft.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number of the auditable unit. |
| Name | Name of the auditable unit. For example, Accounts Payable - Finance. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the auditable unit. |
| Owner | Owner of the auditable unit. |
| State | State of auditable unit. The default state is Draft. |


---

Field Description
Priority Priority of the auditable unit.
Description Brief description of the auditable units.
Risk Assessment
Method Type of risk assessment to obtain the risk
rating of the auditable unit. The choices are:
◦Basic Risk Assessment. This option allows
you to manually enter a value for the risk
rating.
◦Detailed Risk Assessment. This option
appears when the Advanced Audit plugin is
activated. When you select this option, the
Risk Assessments related list appears.
Risk rating Risk rating of the auditable unit obtained
from a basic risk assessment. This field
appears if the Method field has Basic Risk
Assessment.
Inherent risk rating Inherent risk score. The value in this field is
derived from advanced risk assessment. This
field appears if the Method field has Detailed
Risk Assessment.
Control effectiveness Control effectiveness score. The value in
this field is derived from advanced risk
assessment. This field appears if the Method
field has Detailed Risk Assessment.
Residual risk rating Residual risk score. The value in this field is
derived from advanced risk assessment. This
field appears if the Method field has Detailed
Risk Assessment.
4.If you have selected Basic Risk Assessment in the Method field, click Submit.
5. If you have selected Detailed Risk Assessment in the Method field, click Assess Risk.
a.In the Assessor field, select an assessor for the risk assessment.
b.In the Approver field, select an approver for the assessment.
c.Click Submit.
A risk assessment instance link is created at the top left and the assessor gets a notification
to perform the risk assessment. After the detailed risk assessment is performed, the Risk
Assessments related list shows the assessment.
6.Click the following available related lists, and add entities to them as required.
◦Business Units
◦Departments
◦Vendors
◦Products
◦Business Processes
◦Business Applications


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Priority | Priority of the auditable unit. |
| Description | Brief description of the auditable units. |
| Risk Assessment |  |
| Method | Type of risk assessment to obtain the risk rating of the auditable unit. The choices are: ◦Basic Risk Assessment. This option allows you to manually enter a value for the risk rating. ◦Detailed Risk Assessment. This option appears when the Advanced Audit plugin is activated. When you select this option, the Risk Assessments related list appears. |
| Risk rating | Risk rating of the auditable unit obtained from a basic risk assessment. This field appears if the Method field has Basic Risk Assessment. |
| Inherent risk rating | Inherent risk score. The value in this field is derived from advanced risk assessment. This field appears if the Method field has Detailed Risk Assessment. |
| Control effectiveness | Control effectiveness score. The value in this field is derived from advanced risk assessment. This field appears if the Method field has Detailed Risk Assessment. |
| Residual risk rating | Residual risk score. The value in this field is derived from advanced risk assessment. This field appears if the Method field has Detailed Risk Assessment. |


---

◦Locations
◦Authority Documents
◦Policies
Audit types
There are many types of audits and each of the audit types has a specific use in an audit
engagement.
Audit Type Description
Internal Audit An internal audit checks a company's
internal controls, corporate governance, and
accounting processes.
External Audit An external audit is an independent
examination of the financial statements
prepared by the organisation.
SOX Audit A Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliance audit is a
measure of how well your company manages
its internal controls. While SOX doesn't
specifically mention information security,
for practical purposes, an internal control is
understood to be any type of protocol dealing
with the infrastructure that handles your
financial data.
IT Audit An IT audit is the examination and evaluation
of an organization's information technology
infrastructure, policies and operations.
Financial Audit A financial audit is an independent, objective
evaluation of an organization's financial
reports and financial reporting processes.
The primary purpose for financial audits is
to give regulators, investors, directors, and
managers reasonable assurance that financial
statements are accurate and complete.
Compliance Audit A compliance audit is an independent
evaluation to ensure that an organization is
following external laws, rules, and regulations
or internal guidelines, such as corporate
bylaws, controls, and policies and procedures.
Certification Audit A certification audit is an audit your registrar
conducts to verify conformance against the
ISO 9001 standard before they issue your
official ISO 9001 certificate.
Regulatory Audit The aim of a regulatory audit is to verify that
a project is compliant with regulations and
standards.
Operational Audit An operational audit is an examination of the
manner in which an organization conducts
business, with the objective of pointing out


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Audit Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Internal Audit | An internal audit checks a company's internal controls, corporate governance, and accounting processes. |
| External Audit | An external audit is an independent examination of the financial statements prepared by the organisation. |
| SOX Audit | A Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliance audit is a measure of how well your company manages its internal controls. While SOX doesn't specifically mention information security, for practical purposes, an internal control is understood to be any type of protocol dealing with the infrastructure that handles your financial data. |
| IT Audit | An IT audit is the examination and evaluation of an organization's information technology infrastructure, policies and operations. |
| Financial Audit | A financial audit is an independent, objective evaluation of an organization's financial reports and financial reporting processes. The primary purpose for financial audits is to give regulators, investors, directors, and managers reasonable assurance that financial statements are accurate and complete. |
| Compliance Audit | A compliance audit is an independent evaluation to ensure that an organization is following external laws, rules, and regulations or internal guidelines, such as corporate bylaws, controls, and policies and procedures. |
| Certification Audit | A certification audit is an audit your registrar conducts to verify conformance against the ISO 9001 standard before they issue your official ISO 9001 certificate. |
| Regulatory Audit | The aim of a regulatory audit is to verify that a project is compliant with regulations and standards. |
