### Manage milestones

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 80–81.*


---

Audit Type Description
improvements that will increase its efficiency
and effectiveness.
Continuous Audit A continuous audit is an internal process
that examines accounting practices, risk
controls, compliance, information technology
systems, and business procedures on an
ongoing basis. Continuous audits are usually
technology-driven and designed to automate
error checking and data verification in real-
time.
Vendor Audit A vendor audit is performed for a company
that aims to attain an objective assessment of
its contractors' or vendors' compliance to the
terms, conditions and intent of the contracts or
agreements between two entities.
Customer Audit A customer audit is a detailed review of how
your company is perceived by its customers,
a review of each customer's needs, and an
evaluation of the role your company is playing
in each of your customer's businesses.
Store Audit A store audit assesses the health of your retail
location using hard data. Retailers, staff, or
a third party combs through your store or
pop-up shop to collect information on what's
working and what's selling or what isn't.
Quality Audit A Quality audit is the process of systematic
examination of a quality system carried out
by an internal or external quality auditor or an
audit team.
Project Audit A project audit is a formal review of a project,
often intended to assess the extent to which
project management standards are being
upheld. Audits are generally carried out by a
specially designated audit department, the
Project Management Office, an approved
management committee or an external auditor.
Manage milestones
Milestones can be used to track the progress of an engagement.
After you create milestones for an engagement, you can also add audit tasks to the milestone
and track those tasks as milestones. You can assign the milestone to a user who is responsible
for the milestone. When a person is assigned to a milestone, they receive a notification informing
them of the assignment. The user who is assigned the milestone must have the sn_audit.user
role. When an engagement moves to the Follow Up state, if there are no open audit tasks, open
milestones, and open observations, then the engagement moves to the Closed state.
After you create a milestone from an engagement, you can manage your milestones by
navigating to Audit > Milestones > My Milestones.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Audit Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | improvements that will increase its efficiency and effectiveness. |
| Continuous Audit | A continuous audit is an internal process that examines accounting practices, risk controls, compliance, information technology systems, and business procedures on an ongoing basis. Continuous audits are usually technology-driven and designed to automate error checking and data verification in real- time. |
| Vendor Audit | A vendor audit is performed for a company that aims to attain an objective assessment of its contractors' or vendors' compliance to the terms, conditions and intent of the contracts or agreements between two entities. |
| Customer Audit | A customer audit is a detailed review of how your company is perceived by its customers, a review of each customer's needs, and an evaluation of the role your company is playing in each of your customer's businesses. |
| Store Audit | A store audit assesses the health of your retail location using hard data. Retailers, staff, or a third party combs through your store or pop-up shop to collect information on what's working and what's selling or what isn't. |
| Quality Audit | A Quality audit is the process of systematic examination of a quality system carried out by an internal or external quality auditor or an audit team. |
| Project Audit | A project audit is a formal review of a project, often intended to assess the extent to which project management standards are being upheld. Audits are generally carried out by a specially designated audit department, the Project Management Office, an approved management committee or an external auditor. |


---

Create an engagement milestone
Create milestones for an engagement to track the progress of an engagement. You can also add
audit tasks to a milestone.
Before you begin
Activate the Advanced Audit plugin.
Role required: sn_audit.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Engagements.
2. Open the engagement for which you want to create a milestone.
3. Click the Milestones related list.
4.Click New.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
Milestone form
Field Description
Number Unique number of the milestone. This number
is automatically generated.
Type Audit milestone type. The choices are:
◦Scoping
◦Planning
◦Fieldwork
◦Follow up
◦Reporting
◦Closure
Name Name of the milestone.
Assignment group Group responsible for the milestone. The
group members must have the sn_audit.user
role.
Assigned to Person responsible for working on the
milestone.
State State of the milestone. The default state is
Open.
Percent complete Percentage of milestone completion. When
a value is entered in this field, the state
changes to Work in progress.
Parent Parent engagement of the milestone.
Key milestone Option to mark the milestone as important.
Auto complete and close Option to mark the milestone as close
complete when all the associated audit
tasks are completed and closed. If this
option enabled, then the percent complete is


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number of the milestone. This number is automatically generated. |
| Type | Audit milestone type. The choices are: ◦Scoping ◦Planning ◦Fieldwork ◦Follow up ◦Reporting ◦Closure |
| Name | Name of the milestone. |
| Assignment group | Group responsible for the milestone. The group members must have the sn_audit.user role. |
| Assigned to | Person responsible for working on the milestone. |
| State | State of the milestone. The default state is Open. |
| Percent complete | Percentage of milestone completion. When a value is entered in this field, the state changes to Work in progress. |
| Parent | Parent engagement of the milestone. |
| Key milestone | Option to mark the milestone as important. |
