### Create the Tests step in the control test

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 128–128.*


---

Evidence request
Audit evidence refers to all information used by auditors to form their audit opinion. This includes
data from accounting records, financial statements, and other relevant sources. Evidence
is cumulative and may come from current audit procedures as well as prior audits. For more
information, see Request evidence for audit.
Create the Tests step in the control test
Apply the objective effectiveness of the test step and the operating effectiveness, desired
effectiveness of the control test to determine the control effectiveness of the control test. A test
step is applied to check the control test at a granular level.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.admin and sn_audit.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Audit Workspace.
2. Select the lists icon ( ).
3. Select All engagements under Execution.
4.Select the engagement.
Note: You can create a test step for the engagements that are in Valid state.
5. Select the Audit tasks tab.
6.Select a control test link in the Name column.
Note: The Number starting with CTR are the control tests.
7.Select the Test steps tab to view the list of test steps and create a new test step.
Note: You can also view the list of control test steps that are generated from the test
plan within the engagement. For more information, see Automatically generate control
tests from an engagement.
8.Select New to create a new test step plan for the control test.
9.In the new test step plan form, enter the following details:
◦Identifier: The identifier of the test step.
◦Control test: The name of the control test plan. By default, this field is automatically
populated.
◦Assessment objective: The assessment objective. An assessment objective is the guideline
for how to assess the control.
◦Values of the Objective Effectiveness of test plan:
▪None: Indicates that the assessment procedure hasn’t been analyzed or assessed yet.
▪Effective
▪Ineffective
▪Not Applicable: Indicates that the assessment procedure isn’t valid or not required for this
control test check.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
