### Approve or reject an engagement in Audit Workspace

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 130–130.*


---

7.In the test step plan form, enter the following details:
◦Identifier: The identifier of the test step plan.
◦Test plan: The name of the test plan. By default, this field is automatically populated.
◦Assessment objective: The assessment objective. An assessment objective is the guideline
for how to assess the control.
8.Select Save to save the test step plan.
Create test step templates in the test templates
Create and add a test step template to a test template from the Audit Workspace to define
control assessment steps.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.admin, sn_audit.manager, or sn_audit.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Audit Workspace.
2. Select the lists icon ( ).
3. Select Test templates under Execution.
4.Select a test template record from the list of test templates.
5. Select the Test step template tab to view the list of test step templates and create a new test
step template.
6.Select New to create a new test step template.
7.In the test step plan form, enter the following details:
◦Identifier: The identifier of the test step template.
◦Assessment objective: The assessment objective. An assessment objective is the guideline
for how to assess the control.
8.Select Save to save the test step template.
9.Select the Test step template tab to add the newly created test step template to the test
template.
10.Select Add to add the test step template.
11. Select the test step templates.
12. Select Add to add to the test templates.
Approve or reject an engagement in Audit Workspace
If you are an audit user and are assigned as an approver for an engagement, you can approve or
reject an engagement in the Awaiting Approval state.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_audit.user, sn_audit_ws.auditor
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Workspace.
2. Click the tasks icon ( ).


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
