### Roles required for Advanced planning capability

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 151–153.*


---

Engagement-project planning features and role requirements (continued)
Feature Description Roles and their scope
be able to add a new cost
plan.
•Users with sn_audit.user
or sn_audit.manager role
and project_manager
role would be able to add
a new cost plan. Users
are suggested to use the
it_project_manager role
instead of project_manager
role by PPM. Users with the
it_project_manager role can
also add new cost plans.
Related links on Engagement Users can enter the project
•Users need
project budget, move projects,
portfolio_manager role
calculate completion
to create project budget.
estimates for the engagement
If a user role is being
project using the related links
added manually, use the
which appear based on the
it_portfolio_manager
roles and permissions.
role instead of
portfolio_manager role.
•Users need
project_manager role
to be able to calculate
completion estimates, and
move project. If a user role is
being added manually, use
the it_project_manager role
instead of project_manager
role.
Related topics
Roles required for Advanced planning capability
Roles required for Advanced planning capability
The advanced planning capability enables integration of Advanced Audit with the Project
Portfolio Management (PPM) product. The capability creates an equivalent project for the
engagement, and provides planning features that could be used for resource planning, cost
planning, and so on, from the engagement.
Engagement planning features and roles
To use the new features of advanced planning capability, users must have the following roles:


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Feature | Description | Roles and their scope |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | be able to add a new cost plan. •Users with sn_audit.user or sn_audit.manager role and project_manager role would be able to add a new cost plan. Users are suggested to use the it_project_manager role instead of project_manager role by PPM. Users with the it_project_manager role can also add new cost plans. |
| Related links on Engagement project | Users can enter the project budget, move projects, calculate completion estimates for the engagement project using the related links which appear based on the roles and permissions. | •Users need portfolio_manager role to create project budget. If a user role is being added manually, use the it_portfolio_manager role instead of portfolio_manager role. •Users need project_manager role to be able to calculate completion estimates, and move project. If a user role is being added manually, use the it_project_manager role instead of project_manager role. |


---

Engagement planning features and role requirement
Feature name Description Roles and their scope
Resource Planning As a resource requester,
•Users with
find the availability of the
sn_audit.manager
resources, and create and
plus resource_user
manage the resource plans for
or resource_manager
the project and project tasks
roles would be able
in the project workspace. For
to manage and add
more information, refer to
resource plans. Users
Create and manage resource
with resource_manager
plans for a project
role would also be able to
confirm and allocate the
resource plans.
•Users who already have
access to the engagement
and also have sn_ppm_read
or timecard_user or
resource_user roles are able
to view the resource plans
on the engagement.
Cost Planning Project cost plans capture
•Users with sn_audit.user
the costs of projects. Create
or sn_audit.manager plus
a cost plan to specify the unit
it_project_manager roles
cost of a cost type for a fiscal
would be able to manage
period. For more information,
the cost plans.
refer to Create a project cost
plan •Users with sn_audit.user
or sn_audit.manager plus
project_manager roles
would be able to add a new
cost plan.
Note: Users are
suggested to use
it_project_manager
role instead of
project_manager role
by PPM product.
•Users who already
have access to the
engagement and also have
sn_ppm_finance_read
or demand_manager
or program_manager
or portfolio_manager or
project_manager roles are
able to view the cost plans
for the engagement.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Feature name | Description | Roles and their scope |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Resource Planning | As a resource requester, find the availability of the resources, and create and manage the resource plans for the project and project tasks in the project workspace. For more information, refer to Create and manage resource plans for a project | •Users with sn_audit.manager plus resource_user or resource_manager roles would be able to manage and add resource plans. Users with resource_manager role would also be able to confirm and allocate the resource plans. •Users who already have access to the engagement and also have sn_ppm_read or timecard_user or resource_user roles are able to view the resource plans on the engagement. |
| Cost Planning | Project cost plans capture the costs of projects. Create a cost plan to specify the unit cost of a cost type for a fiscal period. For more information, refer to Create a project cost plan | •Users with sn_audit.user or sn_audit.manager plus it_project_manager roles would be able to manage the cost plans. •Users with sn_audit.user or sn_audit.manager plus project_manager roles would be able to add a new cost plan. Note: Users are suggested to use it_project_manager role instead of project_manager role by PPM product. •Users who already have access to the engagement and also have sn_ppm_finance_read or demand_manager or program_manager or portfolio_manager or project_manager roles are able to view the cost plans for the engagement. |


---

Engagement planning features and role requirement (continued)
Feature name Description Roles and their scope
Resource allocations
•Users need both
After resource requesters
pps_resource and
create a resource plan,
sn_audit.user or
resource managers can
sn_audit.external_auditor
confirm the resources to move
roles to be added to
the plan to the Confirmed
the auditors field on the
state. Resource managers
engagement from the
can then allocate resources
resource plan.
to the plan and move it to the
Allocated state. •Users need pps_resource
role to be added as
Based on calendar and
resources to the resource
schedule information,
plans.
resource managers view
resource availability and
select the resources under
their management that can
be confirmed and allocated
to specific tasks. For more
information, refer to Resource
allocation
Time card reporting
•Users need timecard_user
You can log hours in a time
role to create a time card.
card for an engagement
and other tasks on an •Users who already
engagement. If there is a have access to the
project associated with engagement, audit tasks,
an engagement, then the milestones, issues and
actual expenses and actual also have sn_ppm_read
resources values roll up. To or timecard_approver or
create a time card, see Create timecard_admin roles will
a time card . be able to view all the time
cards on the engagement,
audit tasks, milestones, and
issues.
•Users who already have
access to the engagement,
audit tasks, milestones,
and issues and also have
the timecard_user role
will only be able to view
the time cards that they
have reported on the
engagement, audit tasks,
milestones, and issues.
•Users need
timecard_approver role
to approve a submitted
time card. The time sheet


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Feature name | Description | Roles and their scope |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Resource allocations | After resource requesters create a resource plan, resource managers can confirm the resources to move the plan to the Confirmed state. Resource managers can then allocate resources to the plan and move it to the Allocated state. Based on calendar and schedule information, resource managers view resource availability and select the resources under their management that can be confirmed and allocated to specific tasks. For more information, refer to Resource allocation | •Users need both pps_resource and sn_audit.user or sn_audit.external_auditor roles to be added to the auditors field on the engagement from the resource plan. •Users need pps_resource role to be added as resources to the resource plans. |
