### Domain separation and Audit Management

*Source: Audit Management documentation, pages 154–156.*


---

Engagement planning features and role requirement (continued)
Feature name Description Roles and their scope
policy assigned to the
user governs the approval
process.
Related topics
Roles required for Engagement project planning for Project Portfolio Management
Domain separation and Audit Management
Domain separation is supported for Audit Management. Domain separation enables you to
separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logical groupings called domains. You
can control several aspects of this separation, including which users can see and access data.
Support level: Basic
•Business logic: Ensure that data goes into the proper domain for the application’s service
provider use cases.
•The application supports domain separation at run time. The domain separation includes
separation from the user interface, cache keys, reporting, rollups, and aggregations.
•The owner of the instance must set up the application to function across multiple tenants.
Sample use case: When a service provider (SP) uses chat to respond to a tenant-customer’s
message, the customer must be able to see the SP's response.
For more information on support levels, see Application support for domain separation .
Benefits of having domain-separated tables in Audit Management
Domain separation is best for those customers who:
•Need to enforce absolute data segregation between business entities (data separation).
•Customize business process definitions and user interfaces for each domain (delegated
administration).
•Maintain some global processes and global reporting in a single instance.
These users can choose to expand or collapse the domain scope to show or hide data from
other domains.
Note: Users always have access to data from domains that have been explicitly granted to
them by domain visibility.
How domain separation works in Audit Management
While GRC supports separation of data, separation of logic and process is not fully supported.
•Many types of records in GRC are automatically generated through user processes. Entities,
controls, risks, indicators, and control tests are all fields that can be generated automatically.
For records that are automatically generated (and for any GRC record that is manually


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Feature name | Description | Roles and their scope |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | policy assigned to the user governs the approval process. |


---

generated), the domain of the record is the same as the domain of the user responsible for
creating or generating the records.
•Automatic generation should be kept in mind when working in a domain-separated GRC
implementation. Users should be sure that they are creating / generating records at the right
domain level so that they are visible to the right set of users.
For example, suppose you have domains that look like:
•If you have a risk or control that you want to be assessed by users in domains A and B, the
risk or control should be generated or manually created at the global level. If the risk or control
is created in Domain B, you will not be able to recreate the risk or control in Domain A due to
indexing.
•If you have a risk or control that you want to be assessed by users in TOP and Domain A, you
can create the risk or control in Domain A.
Unless the risks and controls are in the Global domain, users should not assign risks or controls
in a higher domain to users in a lower domain. In the example above, if you have a control in the
TOP domain, you should not assign it for attestation to users in Domains A or B since those users
would not have access to the control; thus the attestation or assessment questionnaire would
not be generated.
Similarly, users should not assign control objectives and risk statements in a higher domain
to attestations and assessments in a lower domain. Otherwise the attestation or assessment
questionnaire would not be generated.
Use cases
GRC data for IT can be separated from the GRC data of other departments. Each business
area using the GRC application can have separate data that cannot be shared with other
departments. Therefore each department can have its own entities, policies, controls, risks, and
so on.
When looking at a control from the IT domain, the user can choose to expand the domain scope
to show values from the Finance domain or collapse the domain scope to show only controls that
match the IT domain.
By default, domain separation adds a domain field to the Task [task]and Configuration Items
[cmdb_ci] tables and their extensions.
You can extend domain separation to any new tables you create by adding a sys_domain field
to the table's dictionary definition. By default, the system only domain-separates platform and
baseline application tables where appropriate.


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---

Warning: ServiceNow does not recommend domain separating platform tables
(any table with the sys_ prefix such as the Dictionary Entry [sys_dictionary]and
Dictionary Entry Override [sys_dictionary_override] tables) because it can
produce unexpected results.
In this use case, client scripts, business rules, workflows, processes, and so on can be domain-
separated.
While the behavior offered with domain separation provides multi-tenancy support, multi-
tenancy is still contained within a single instance. This means that some global properties,
some global data, and some global processes are shared across all domains. For example,
the system’s “Remember me” option on the login page is global and cannot be specified per
domain.
If you need complete and total separation of all system properties and do not require global
reporting or global processes, separate instances are the best option.
Allocation of domain values to Audit Management objects
The following changes are made to the domain assignment process to manage data segregation
by the Managed Service Providers related to Audit Management tables:
GRC Audit Management
Audit Management objects Domain source
Activity User creating activity or Engagement
Audit Report Template User
Audit task Engagement
Control test Engagement
Control to Engagement Engagement
Entity to Engagement Engagement
Interview Engagement
Issue to Engagement Engagement
Risk to Engagement Engagement
Test plan User
Test plan to Engagement Engagement
Test template User creating template
Walkthrough Engagement
GRC Advanced Audit
Advanced Audit Domain source
Audit task to Milestone Audit task or Control test
Auditable unit User
Auditable unit to Authority document Auditable unit
Auditable unit to Business application Auditable unit


Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Audit Management objects | Domain source |
| --- | --- |
| Activity | User creating activity or Engagement |
| Audit Report Template | User |
| Audit task | Engagement |
| Control test | Engagement |
| Control to Engagement | Engagement |
| Entity to Engagement | Engagement |
| Interview | Engagement |
| Issue to Engagement | Engagement |
| Risk to Engagement | Engagement |
| Test plan | User |
| Test plan to Engagement | Engagement |
| Test template | User creating template |
| Walkthrough | Engagement |


| Advanced Audit | Domain source |
| --- | --- |
| Audit task to Milestone | Audit task or Control test |
| Auditable unit | User |
| Auditable unit to Authority document | Auditable unit |
| Auditable unit to Business application | Auditable unit |
