## Configuring your compliance needs and integration with regulatory content providers

*Pages 19–25*

•Get regulatory analysis agentic workflow
•Analyze and enrich regulatory alerts
•Generate regulatory action plan agentic workflow
•Generate regulatory action plans
Configuring your compliance needs and integration with
regulatory content providers
Configure the Regulatory Change Management application to manage your compliance needs
and integration with regulatory intelligence content providers.
A typical configuration of the Regulatory Change Management application consists of the
following steps:
1.Install the Regulatory Change Management application from ServiceNow Store. For more
information, see Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management.
2. Complete the setup for the Administration module. For more information, see Administration
module.
Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management
Download the GRC: Regulatory Change Management application from the ServiceNow Store and
run it in your ServiceNow instance.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.it_admin, or
sn_grc_reg_change.admin
Procedure
1.Download the GRC: Regulatory Change Management application from the ServiceNow Store.
Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time. Downloading the Regulatory Change Management application automatically installs the
following required applications:
◦GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
◦GRC: Advanced Risk
2. In your instance, navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
3. Locate GRC: Regulatory Change Management.
4.Select an appropriate release in the Details section.
You can select either the latest release or up to one of the two previous releases.
5. Select Install.
A new Application installation window is displayed.
6.Confirm the details of the application and select Install.
Result
The GRC: Regulatory Change Management application is installed on your ServiceNow instance.
Setup checklist for Regulatory Change Management
Complete the tasks that are required to set up the Regulatory Change Management application.
When you have completed these tasks, the base system is ready for operation. Optional
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2316
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

setup procedures are also included to enhance Regulatory Change Management application
functionality.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
Ensure that the following applications are installed:
®
•ServiceNow GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application
®
•ServiceNow Advanced Risk application
Consider creating and printing a PDF of this checklist topic. You can then check off tasks as you
complete them. To generate a PDF, click the Save As PDF icon ( ) at the top of the topic and
click Selected topic.
Procedure
1.Install the Regulatory Change Management (RCM) application from the Store.
For details, see Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management.
2. Assign RCM roles to the users.
For details, see User roles in Regulatory Change Management.
3. To set up the feeds, choose one of the following options.
Step Description
For information on setting up the RSS feeds
Set up the RSS feeds by using the RCM ap­
by using the RCM application, see Setting up
plication.
the RSS feeds infrastructure .
For more information on setting up third-par­
Set up the feeds by integrating with the
ty integration with the RCM application, see
GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Reg­
GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regu­
ulatory Intelligence application.
latory Intelligence.
4.Create and validate the connections and credentials.
For details, see Establish an SFTP or REST API connection.
5. Activate the integration flows.
For details, see GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence and Setting up
the RSS feeds infrastructure.
6.Create an internal regulatory taxonomy and map the taxonomy.
For details, see Map the taxonomy.
7.Assign regulatory feeds.
For details, see Manage and assign regulatory event alerts.
8.Assess the impact and assign related regulatory tasks.
For details, see Manage the regulatory change tasks.
9.Prepare an action plan to identify the changes that must be done.
For details, see Action tasks in Regulatory Change Management.
10.Create action tasks to implement the identified changes, and complete them.
For details, see Create an action task.
11. Provide an overview of the regulatory changes via dashboards and reports.
For details, see Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2317
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |

Setting up the RSS feeds infrastructure
To ensure you can obtain all the necessary Really simple syndication (RSS) feeds in your
ServiceNow instance, you must set up the infrastructure required to seamlessly obtain the feeds.
Properly configured infrastructure allows seamless integration of RSS feeds, enabling you
to stay updated without disruptions. As an RCM administrator or IT administrator, ensure all
prerequisites are in place for optimal performance. If you encounter issues while trying to obtain
your RSS feeds, refer to General guidelines for RSS feeds.
Activate and pull RSS feeds
Use the Workflow Studio to pull RSS feeds from the defined RSS sources after you activate the
workflow. Regular pulling of RSS feeds ensures that you to stay on top of all your regulatory
compliance needs. By default, the schedule to pull the feeds runs daily.
Before you begin
®
The workflow to pull RSS feeds is built with ServiceNow Workflow Studio, so make sure you're
familiar with the Flow Designer basics.
Role required: admin
About this task
The RCM IT Admin schedules the Pull RSS Feed to Regulatory Change flow to run on a daily,
weekly, or monthly basis and sets up the time for the flow.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > RSS Feeds.
2. To set up the RSS feed, select Feed setup.
3. From the Feed Setup module, complete the following steps.
a.Select the Pull RSS Feed to Regulatory Change in the Flow Designer UI page.
b.Select Test and then Activate to activate the flow.
Result
Upon successful activation of the flow, the system starts scanning the Regulatory Horizon to
fetch the latest regulatory updates from the regulator websites.
Set up RSS feed sources
Set up RSS feed sources to efficiently aggregate and monitor updates from multiple websites or
content providers in one centralized location. This saves time, ensures you stay informed, and
enables automated data retrieval.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > RSS Feeds > Feed Sources.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2318
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Feed source table
Field Description
Name Name of the website that generates and
provides the RSS feed. For example,
Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau Alerts.
Connection Connection that has the details from which
the feed would be obtained. For more
information, refer to Create an HTTP(s)
connection .
Active Option to denote if the source is active. Only
active sources are able to fetch the feeds.
Provider Service or platform that generates and
distributes RSS feeds for websites or content
creators. For more information, refer to,
Create a connection Alias for third-party
provider .
4.Select Submit.
Result
The feed source is set up and ready to provide the feed to your instance.
Map the taxonomy
Create an internal taxonomy when you are setting up the Regulatory Change Management
application. Map the external taxonomy to the internal taxonomy so that the Regulatory Change
Management application refers to only one taxonomy.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
About this task
The Regulatory Change Management application stores the taxonomy and it provides a way to
map the taxonomies using the UI component.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Application > Regulatory Change Management > Taxonomy > Taxonomy
Classes.
The pre-defined taxonomy classes are displayed:
◦Content Types- Content types provide site-specific control of how system data defined by
templates is rendered.
◦Jurisdictions- Jurisdictions in regions are used for data breach notification obligations as
each obligation is broken down by jurisdiction.
◦Regulatory Bodies- Regulatory bodies that govern the regulations. For example, RBI, SEBI,
SEC, TRRI, and so on.
◦Sectors- Sectors businesses that are governed by government rules. For example, FRM,
FDIC, SEC.
◦Themes- Themes indicate the ares that organisations should consider in their regulatory
change management.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2319
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the website that generates and provides the RSS feed. For example, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Alerts. |
| Connection | Connection that has the details from which the feed would be obtained. For more information, refer to Create an HTTP(s) connection . |
| Active | Option to denote if the source is active. Only active sources are able to fetch the feeds. |
| Provider | Service or platform that generates and distributes RSS feeds for websites or content creators. For more information, refer to, Create a connection Alias for third-party provider . |

| Consumer Financial Protection |
| --- |
| Bureau Alerts |

2. Navigate to the following taxonomy tables if you want to view or update the taxonomy class
name:
◦Content Types
◦Jurisdictions
◦Regulatory Bodies
◦Sectors
◦Themes
As an example, when you select Jurisdiction, the Class name field displays Jurisdiction as the
taxonomy class.
Note: Only users with the sn_grc_reg_change.admin roles can update the taxonomy
tables.
3. Select Update to update the class name.
4.Select New under Taxonomy class related list.
A new Taxonomy class record is displayed on a separate page.
Taxonomy class record
Field Description
Name Name of the taxonomy class.
The new taxonomy class is displayed on the Taxonomy Class page.
5. Open the Taxonomy Class page to create a new Taxonomy class mapping record.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Depending on what regulatory table was previously selected, the form title is different.
Taxonomy class mapping record
Field Description
Provider Provider of the alerts.
External taxonomy class External taxonomy class that is mapped with
the internal taxonomy class.
Taxonomy class Taxonomy class provided by default such as
Jurisdictions or Content type.
7.Select Submit to map the external taxonomy class to the internal taxonomy class.
The external taxonomy class is mapped to the internal taxonomy class.
Configure a provider taxonomy configuration record
Align the provider with the appropriate taxonomy profile to categorize regulatory intelligence
data and feeds for informational reporting purposes. This approach is particularly useful when
integrating multiple feed sources, as it ensures consistent naming conventions across systems
or applications.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2320
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the taxonomy class. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider | Provider of the alerts. |
| External taxonomy class | External taxonomy class that is mapped with the internal taxonomy class. |
| Taxonomy class | Taxonomy class provided by default such as Jurisdictions or Content type. |

Note: Certain fields on this form are only visible if the Default Taxonomy
Configuration property is set to true.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Application > Regulatory Change Management > RSS Feeds > Provider
Taxonomy Configuration.
2. Select New on the page.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Provider taxonomy configuration record form
Field Description
Provider Provider of the taxonomy configuration
record.
Default taxonomy configuration Option to use the default taxonomy
configuration. Clear the default taxonomy
configuration option to see the Taxonomy
Loader configuration.
Taxonomy Internal taxonomy to which the external
taxonomy is mapped. Unlock the list to add
the taxonomy.
Taxonomy Loader Taxonomy Loader configuration field when
the default taxonomy configuration option
is unchecked. Select the import mode for
importing the taxonomy data:
◦Data source: Use Data source if the
taxonomy can be imported via ServiceNow
platform data source.
◦Custom script: Use Custom script if the
taxonomy import needs custom logic.
For Data source: Update the following fields:
◦Data source: Data source to be defined
such as Azure AD, Auth0. For more
information, refer to, Create a data source .
◦Scheduled data import: The import job
that runs the data source frequently. For
more information, refer to Schedule a data
import .
For Custom script: Update the following
fields:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2321
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider | Provider of the taxonomy configuration record. |
| Default taxonomy configuration | Option to use the default taxonomy configuration. Clear the default taxonomy configuration option to see the Taxonomy Loader configuration. |
| Taxonomy | Internal taxonomy to which the external taxonomy is mapped. Unlock the list to add the taxonomy. |

Field Description
◦Taxonomy file required: Select the check
box if the data to be imported via the
selected mode needs a file to be attached.
◦Variables: Use the variables defined in the
script.
◦Script: Script to be populated. This is a
required step.
4.Select Submit.
Result
The new provider taxonomy configuration record is listed on the Provider taxonomy configuration
page.
Managing feed request responses
When the job to pull RSS feeds runs at the scheduled time, the responses are automatically
fetched from the configured feed sources.
No manual effort is required to fetch the response from an RSS feed.
Administration module
Use the Administration module to manage third-party providers and the configuration of entity
classes.
Regulatory Intelligence providers deliver regulatory alerts that include a variety of regulatory
changes. Each regulatory alert record contains the taxonomy section for the regulatory taxonomy
associated with the alert. This taxonomy helps in classifying and categorizing the alert. The
internal taxonomy design contains the following five elements:
•Regulatory Body
•Sector
•Theme
•Content Type
•Jurisdiction
When setting up the Regulatory Change Management application, you have to map the external
taxonomy to your own internal taxonomy for standardization. The design elements are created
and mapped from the provider’s external taxonomy during the setup process.
After you set up the internal taxonomy, the next step is to update the provider configuration
record with the name and description of the providers. To maintain a generic provider
configuration, a provider record is used. Providers can send the data via multiple combinations,
such as via a single file or as an API. To learn more, see Map the taxonomy.
You can use the Administration module to configure various records. You can do the following:
•Update provider configuration record to define and receive the data from the providers.
•Configure the entity classes that may be impacted due to the regulatory changes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2322
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Taxonomy file required: Select the check box if the data to be imported via the selected mode needs a file to be attached. ◦Variables: Use the variables defined in the script. ◦Script: Script to be populated. This is a required step. |
