### Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management

*Pages 19–20*

•Get regulatory analysis agentic workflow
•Analyze and enrich regulatory alerts
•Generate regulatory action plan agentic workflow
•Generate regulatory action plans
Configuring your compliance needs and integration with
regulatory content providers
Configure the Regulatory Change Management application to manage your compliance needs
and integration with regulatory intelligence content providers.
A typical configuration of the Regulatory Change Management application consists of the
following steps:
1.Install the Regulatory Change Management application from ServiceNow Store. For more
information, see Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management.
2. Complete the setup for the Administration module. For more information, see Administration
module.
Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management
Download the GRC: Regulatory Change Management application from the ServiceNow Store and
run it in your ServiceNow instance.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.it_admin, or
sn_grc_reg_change.admin
Procedure
1.Download the GRC: Regulatory Change Management application from the ServiceNow Store.
Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time. Downloading the Regulatory Change Management application automatically installs the
following required applications:
◦GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
◦GRC: Advanced Risk
2. In your instance, navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
3. Locate GRC: Regulatory Change Management.
4.Select an appropriate release in the Details section.
You can select either the latest release or up to one of the two previous releases.
5. Select Install.
A new Application installation window is displayed.
6.Confirm the details of the application and select Install.
Result
The GRC: Regulatory Change Management application is installed on your ServiceNow instance.
Setup checklist for Regulatory Change Management
Complete the tasks that are required to set up the Regulatory Change Management application.
When you have completed these tasks, the base system is ready for operation. Optional
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2316
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

setup procedures are also included to enhance Regulatory Change Management application
functionality.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
Ensure that the following applications are installed:
®
•ServiceNow GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application
®
•ServiceNow Advanced Risk application
Consider creating and printing a PDF of this checklist topic. You can then check off tasks as you
complete them. To generate a PDF, click the Save As PDF icon ( ) at the top of the topic and
click Selected topic.
Procedure
1.Install the Regulatory Change Management (RCM) application from the Store.
For details, see Download and install GRC: Regulatory Change Management.
2. Assign RCM roles to the users.
For details, see User roles in Regulatory Change Management.
3. To set up the feeds, choose one of the following options.
Step Description
For information on setting up the RSS feeds
Set up the RSS feeds by using the RCM ap­
by using the RCM application, see Setting up
plication.
the RSS feeds infrastructure .
For more information on setting up third-par­
Set up the feeds by integrating with the
ty integration with the RCM application, see
GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Reg­
GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regu­
ulatory Intelligence application.
latory Intelligence.
4.Create and validate the connections and credentials.
For details, see Establish an SFTP or REST API connection.
5. Activate the integration flows.
For details, see GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence and Setting up
the RSS feeds infrastructure.
6.Create an internal regulatory taxonomy and map the taxonomy.
For details, see Map the taxonomy.
7.Assign regulatory feeds.
For details, see Manage and assign regulatory event alerts.
8.Assess the impact and assign related regulatory tasks.
For details, see Manage the regulatory change tasks.
9.Prepare an action plan to identify the changes that must be done.
For details, see Action tasks in Regulatory Change Management.
10.Create action tasks to implement the identified changes, and complete them.
For details, see Create an action task.
11. Provide an overview of the regulatory changes via dashboards and reports.
For details, see Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2317
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |
