### Administration module

*Pages 25–25*

Field Description
◦Taxonomy file required: Select the check
box if the data to be imported via the
selected mode needs a file to be attached.
◦Variables: Use the variables defined in the
script.
◦Script: Script to be populated. This is a
required step.
4.Select Submit.
Result
The new provider taxonomy configuration record is listed on the Provider taxonomy configuration
page.
Managing feed request responses
When the job to pull RSS feeds runs at the scheduled time, the responses are automatically
fetched from the configured feed sources.
No manual effort is required to fetch the response from an RSS feed.
Administration module
Use the Administration module to manage third-party providers and the configuration of entity
classes.
Regulatory Intelligence providers deliver regulatory alerts that include a variety of regulatory
changes. Each regulatory alert record contains the taxonomy section for the regulatory taxonomy
associated with the alert. This taxonomy helps in classifying and categorizing the alert. The
internal taxonomy design contains the following five elements:
•Regulatory Body
•Sector
•Theme
•Content Type
•Jurisdiction
When setting up the Regulatory Change Management application, you have to map the external
taxonomy to your own internal taxonomy for standardization. The design elements are created
and mapped from the provider’s external taxonomy during the setup process.
After you set up the internal taxonomy, the next step is to update the provider configuration
record with the name and description of the providers. To maintain a generic provider
configuration, a provider record is used. Providers can send the data via multiple combinations,
such as via a single file or as an API. To learn more, see Map the taxonomy.
You can use the Administration module to configure various records. You can do the following:
•Update provider configuration record to define and receive the data from the providers.
•Configure the entity classes that may be impacted due to the regulatory changes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2322
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Taxonomy file required: Select the check box if the data to be imported via the selected mode needs a file to be attached. ◦Variables: Use the variables defined in the script. ◦Script: Script to be populated. This is a required step. |
