### Create an action task

*Pages 31–32*

a.Track the progress against the implementation plan.
b.Address any challenges or issues that arise during the process.
11. Review your plan and identify ways to keep improving it:
◦Evaluate how effective the regulatory change management process is and make
improvements where needed.
◦Conduct post-implementation reviews:
a.If the action plan is rejected, assign the same coordinators to go through the action plan,
update the actual tasks, and send the action plan for an approval. All compliance-based
action tasks are visible to the compliance manager and risk managers can see the Risk-
based action tasks. After the tasks are assigned to the risk and compliance users, track
the action tasks through completion. Select a due date and track the action tasks. After the
actual tasks are completed, close the regulatory alert and the parent regulatory change
tasks.
b.Assess the effectiveness of the implemented changes and compliance status.
c.Gather feedback from your stakeholders to identify the areas for improvement.
12. Update the playbook:
a.Revise the playbook based on the lessons learned and evolving usage guidelines.
b.Incorporate the feedback to enhance the monitoring and management processes.
Create an action task
Create an action task that is related to the regulatory change tasks and source document import
tasks so that you can complete the regulatory tasks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user, or
sn_grc_reg_change.admin
About this task
Starting with version 21.0.x, you can create action tasks for a regulatory task when the task is in
any of the following states:
•New
•Work in Progress
•Implementation
You can now break down a regulatory task into smaller, manageable components so that you
can more efficiently track and execute the required activities. You can plan, assign, and monitor
tasks now in a structured manner that supports your compliance objectives and regulatory
requirements.
The regulatory action tasks are created as a follow-up to complete the changes that have been
identified as part of the impact assessment for regulatory change tasks. Once these specific
changes are identified, you can create and manage these action tasks as a manager or user.
You can perform common user-actions like Enter, Choose, Select, Attach, View, Add,
Associate, and Unlink.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2328
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Procedure
1.Navigate to Application > Regulatory Change Management > Action Tasks > All action tasks.
2. Select a task.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Regulatory Action Tasks form
Field Description
Regulatory Task Number of the regulatory task.
Category Category type of the action task, such as
compliance or risk.
Assignment Group Group that is assigned the action task.
Priority Priority of the action task.
Due date Due date of the action task. Past dates are
not allowed.
Compliance action target Specific GRC record to be selected. For
example, Authority Document, Citation from
the list menu, and the associated document.
Assigned to User who is assigned the task.
Short description Short description of the action task.
Instructions Instructions for the action task.
Activity Journal
Watch list List of users who receive notifications about
the updates.
Work notes Log of the work notes.
Worknotes list Users who receive notifications about the
work notes.
You can update the following fields:
◦Category
◦Action target
◦Short description
◦Instructions
◦Work notes
◦Worknotes list
◦Watch list
4.Select Save.
The action task is saved and it is displayed under the Action Tasks tab in the Regulatory
Change Tasks page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2329
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Regulatory Task | Number of the regulatory task. |
| Category | Category type of the action task, such as compliance or risk. |
| Assignment Group | Group that is assigned the action task. |
| Priority | Priority of the action task. |
| Due date | Due date of the action task. Past dates are not allowed. |
| Compliance action target | Specific GRC record to be selected. For example, Authority Document, Citation from the list menu, and the associated document. |
| Assigned to | User who is assigned the task. |
| Short description | Short description of the action task. |
| Instructions | Instructions for the action task. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Watch list | List of users who receive notifications about the updates. |
| Work notes | Log of the work notes. |
| Worknotes list | Users who receive notifications about the work notes. |
