### Create an issue related to regulatory tasks

*Pages 33–33*

Create an issue related to regulatory tasks
Create an issue as part of the regulatory change tasks and source document tasks workflow to
capture any problems or exceptions that are observed during the workflow. You can create and
view issues related to regulatory tasks using the issues related list.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
A new module titled as Issue is introduced in the Regulatory Change Management application.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Application > Regulatory Change Management > Issue to create and view issues
related to the regulatory tasks using the issues related list.
2. Use the following modules to get a filtered list of the issues.
View issues related to Regulatory Tasks
Field Description
My Open Issues View open issues assigned to a user.
All Open Issues View all open issues.
All Unassigned Issues View all issues not assigned to any user.
All Grouped Issues View all issues grouped by category or
assignment.
All Issues View all issues related to the Regulatory
Tasks.
3. Create a new record by selecting New and fill in the form.
4.Optional: Edit an issue record, delete an issue record or export multiple records.
◦Select Edit to make any required updates and then select Update.
◦Select the check box of the issues you want to remove, then Delete and Delete All.
◦Select the check box of the issues you want to export, the file type and delivery type and
then Export.
File type and Delivery type options
Field Description
File Type Format options available when exporting
issues.
▪Excel
▪CSV
▪JSON
▪PDF
Delivery Type By selecting Download or Email, the list of
issues can be exported as a downloaded file
or email.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2330
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| My Open Issues | View open issues assigned to a user. |
| All Open Issues | View all open issues. |
| All Unassigned Issues | View all issues not assigned to any user. |
| All Grouped Issues | View all issues grouped by category or assignment. |
| All Issues | View all issues related to the Regulatory Tasks. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| File Type | Format options available when exporting issues. ▪Excel ▪CSV ▪JSON ▪PDF |
| Delivery Type | By selecting Download or Email, the list of issues can be exported as a downloaded file or email. |
