### Impact radius for regulatory alerts of type regulatory event

*Pages 60–60*

Impact assessments related list
Field Description
Impact assessments Details about the impact assessment of the
alert such as entity, risk assessment, assessor,
inherent risk, and state.
Taxonomy side-panel: The taxonomy side-panel displays the following taxonomy classes for the
Regulatory event alert:
•Regulatory bodies
•Content types
•Jurisdictions
•Themes
•Sectors
Note: The taxonomy classes are displayed only if the records have any values associated
with them. For example, if the regulatory alert does not have any values for the taxonomy
class Jurisdictions, the taxonomy category Jurisdictions is not displayed in the taxonomy
side panel.
Impact radius for regulatory alerts of type regulatory event
Impact radius typically refers to the extent to which a regulatory change affects an organization.
Adding impacted areas to a regulatory alert of type regulatory event helps to calculate the impact
radius of a regulatory alert.
Impacted areas
The regulatory events that could have an impact on the compliance or risk posture of your
organization should be assessed. Calculating the impact radius is a method for assessing the
impact of the regulatory event on the GRC objects and for suggesting action tasks based on the
assessment of the impact. The Regulatory Change Management application supports the impact
radius calculation process for a regulatory alert. Calculating the impact radius is a method of
automatically creating action tasks for the users.
Regulatory alerts are of two types:
•Regulatory event
•Source document
Prior to the Yokohama release, the Regulatory Change Management users had the option to add
only one or more number of citations impacted due to any regulatory change. This led to sole
reliance on only citations and omitted taking other business operations such as policies, control
objectives, controls, risks, third-parties, and so on, into consideration. To address this problem, a
new table called impacted area (sn_grc_reg_change_impacted_area) is created and it captures
the following items including the previously captured citations:
•Citation
•Control objective
•Policy
•Authority document
•Control
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2357
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Impact assessments | Details about the impact assessment of the alert such as entity, risk assessment, assessor, inherent risk, and state. |
