### Respond to a regulatory assessment

*Pages 63–63*

•Jurisdictions
•Themes
•Sectors
Note: The taxonomy classes are displayed only if the records have any values.
For example, if the regulatory alert does not have any values for the taxonomy class
Jurisdictions, the taxonomy category Jurisdictions is not displayed in the taxonomy side
panel.
Respond to a regulatory assessment
Utilize the Smart Assessment Engine to respond to regulatory assessments from the Employee
Center.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user
About this task
The tasks that appear on the Tasks page are unique to the logged-in user and therefore can
help the user complete all tasks assigned to them. If you're not the rightful responder of the
assessment, you can reassign the assessment to the correct responder. While performing
regulatory assessments on the Tasks page, you can view the following:
•Guidance for each section of the assessment under the Details section
•The completion progress of the assessment
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Employee Center > GRC Tasks > My to-dos > Open > Regulatory
assessments.
2. Select and open the assigned assessment.
3. Respond to the questionnaire.
4.Optional: To reassign the assessment to a different assessor, do the following.
a.Select More options on the top right.
b.Select Reassign.
5. Optional: To cancel the assessment while responding, select Cancel.
6.Select Submit.
7.On the confirmation dialog box, select Submit.
8.On the success dialog box, select OK.
Result
The requestor responsible for initiating the assessment can monitor the progress activity by
accessing the Regulatory Assessment related list of a regulatory alert.
Respond to a regulatory alert risk assessment
Respond to a classic risk assessment on a regulatory alert to determine which entities are
impacted and what actions must be taken to mitigate the risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2360
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
