### Assess the impact of a regulatory alert

*Pages 64–64*

About this task
When you receive an assessment, if you're not the rightful responder of the assessment, you can
reassign the assessment to the correct responder. After you finish the assessment, you can also
reassess the assessment.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self Service > Employee Center > GRC tasks > My to-dos > Risk
assessments.
2. Select and open the assigned assessment.
3. Select Start assessment.
4.Under the Inherent Assessment tab, rank the risk assessment factors such as Compliance,
Legal, Financial, and so on.
Based on the answers, the computed inherent risk results are calculated and displayed.
5. In the Provide comments field, provide any comments as required.
6.To submit the responses, select Submit.
The Assessment summary tab displays the Inherent risk rating result.
7.To send the assessment for approvals, if approvers are defined, or to directly publish the
assessment, select Submit.
8.Provide your comments as required.
9.Select OK.
Result
If approvers are not specified, the assessment moves to the Monitor state. The requestor
responsible for initiating the assessment can monitor the progress activity by accessing the Risk
Assessment related list of a regulatory alert. If approvers are defined, the assessment moves
ahead for review.
Assess the impact of a regulatory alert
Evaluate the risk of a regulatory alert by initiating either a risk assessment or a regulatory
assessment.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
You can initiate one of the following assessments:
•Regulatory assessment: Uses the Smart Assessment Engine. A regulatory assessment is
used to assess the potential effects of new or updated regulations before the regulations are
finalized or implemented.
•Risk assessment: Uses the classic risk assessment. A risk-based approach is used to identify
and address both direct and indirect impacts.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace > Lists >
Regulatory Alerts.
2. Select the regulatory alert that you want to assess.
3. Select Assess impact.
4.Select either Regulatory assessment or Risk assessment based on your requirement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2361
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
