### Create regulatory event alerts manually

*Pages 65–66*

5. If you select, Regulatory assessment, do the following in the Evaluate regulatory impact dialog
box.
a.In the Assessment template field, specify the template to use for the assessment.
b.In the Select a group field, select the group responsible to perform the assessment.
c.In the Assessors field, specify individual assessors of the group.
Ensure that the assessors have the sn_grc_reg_change.user or sn_grc.business_user roles
granted.
d. In the Due date field, specify the due date for the assessment completion.
e. Select Send.
In the Regulatory assessments related list in the regulatory alert record, the new regulatory
assessments are listed.
6.If you select, Risk assessment, from the Entities list, select the entities that require an impact
assessment.
a.Select Send.
Ensure that the entity owners who are the risk assessors have the
sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor role.
In the Risk assessments related list in the regulatory alert record, the new impact
assessments are listed.
Create regulatory event alerts manually
Create a manual entry of the regulatory changes or updates so that they can be routed to the
correct subject matter experts for further analysis.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager
About this task
Users with the sn_grc_reg_change.manager role can create the regulatory alerts manually.
Creating the regulatory alerts manually provides the following benefits:
•Recognize and fix human instinctive errors accurately.
•Assign an ad-hoc or the submitted regulatory event alert to the subject matter experts for
further review and analysis, thus ensuring accountability.
•Ensure that the data entered manually in the system has high quality and a high level of
integrity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace > Regulatory
alerts > Unassigned Alerts.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
2. Select New.
The Create New Regulatory alert form is displayed.
3. On the Details tab, fill in the form.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2362
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Create New Regulatory alert form
Field Description
Title A short summary title of the regulatory alert.
Source
Displays the data source type identified
for creating a regulatory event record. The
default option for the input source type is
Manual.
Note: This field is locked for editing for
the purpose of internal reporting and
business configuration management.
Type Type of regulatory alert.
Description Description and a summary of the event.
Provider Name of the alert provider.
Note: This field is locked for editing for
the purpose of internal reporting and
business configuration management.
Provider URL URL of the alert that is received from the
provider.
Regulatory body URL URL of the regulatory body that is associated
with the alert.
Coordinator User that the alert is assigned to.
Overall impact Overall impact of the alert.
Dates
Source publication date Date when the regulatory event is published
by the regulatory body.
Comments date Date until when the comments can be
provided for the regulatory event.
Effective date Date when the regulatory event is going to be
applicable.
Compliance date Date by which the regulatory event is going to
be compliant.
Expiration date Expiry date for the regulatory event.
Activity Journal
Additional comments Additional comments related to the alert.
Note: Beginning with the Australia release, the taxonomy section in the form is not
available for the new installations.
4.In the Coordinator field, assign the regulatory event alert to a coordinator with the
sn_grc_reg_change.user role and select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2363
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Title | A short summary title of the regulatory alert. |
| Source | Displays the data source type identified for creating a regulatory event record. The default option for the input source type is Manual. Note: This field is locked for editing for the purpose of internal reporting and business configuration management. |
| Type | Type of regulatory alert. |
| Description | Description and a summary of the event. |
| Provider | Name of the alert provider. Note: This field is locked for editing for the purpose of internal reporting and business configuration management. |
| Provider URL | URL of the alert that is received from the provider. |
| Regulatory body URL | URL of the regulatory body that is associated with the alert. |
| Coordinator | User that the alert is assigned to. |
| Overall impact | Overall impact of the alert. |
| Dates |  |
| Source publication date | Date when the regulatory event is published by the regulatory body. |
| Comments date | Date until when the comments can be provided for the regulatory event. |
| Effective date | Date when the regulatory event is going to be applicable. |
| Compliance date | Date by which the regulatory event is going to be compliant. |
| Expiration date | Expiry date for the regulatory event. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Additional comments | Additional comments related to the alert. |
