### Assign a regulatory event alert to a coordinator

*Pages 67–68*

Result
The regulatory event alert is assigned to the selected coordinator.
What to do next
Import the regulatory event alerts in bulk and Assess the impact of a regulatory event alert.
Assign a regulatory event alert to a coordinator
Log in to the GRC: Regulatory Change Management application, review the regulatory event
alert, update the details, and assign it to a coordinator.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
In the following procedure, step 4 and after describe various actions that users with the
sn_grc_reg_change.manager role or sn_grc_reg_change.user role can perform.
Procedure
1.Log in with the sn_grc_reg_change.manager user role.
2. Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
3. Navigate to Lists > Assigned Regulatory Alerts view.
4.In the Assigned Alerts list, select a regulatory event alert.
The detailed view for the selected regulatory event alert is displayed.
5. In the Details tab, fill in the form.
Details tab
Fields Description
Title Title of the alert as received from the provider.
This field is automatically set to display the
title.
Description Description and a summary of the event.
This field is automatically set to display the
description.
Provider URL URL of the alert that is received from the
provider. This field is automatically set to
display the provider URL.
Regulatory body URL URL of the regulatory body that is associated
with the alert. This field is automatically set to
display the regulatory body URL.
Provider Name of the alert provider. This field is
automatically set to display the name of the
alert provider.
Type Type of regulatory alert. This field is
automatically set to display the type of the
alert.
Coordinator User that the alert is assigned to.
Overall impact Overall impact of the alert.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2364
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Fields | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Title | Title of the alert as received from the provider. This field is automatically set to display the title. |
| Description | Description and a summary of the event. This field is automatically set to display the description. |
| Provider URL | URL of the alert that is received from the provider. This field is automatically set to display the provider URL. |
| Regulatory body URL | URL of the regulatory body that is associated with the alert. This field is automatically set to display the regulatory body URL. |
| Provider | Name of the alert provider. This field is automatically set to display the name of the alert provider. |
| Type | Type of regulatory alert. This field is automatically set to display the type of the alert. |
| Coordinator | User that the alert is assigned to. |

Fields Description
Dates
Source publication date Date when the regulatory event is published
by the regulatory body. This field is
automatically set to display the source
publication date.
Comments date Date until when the comments can be
provided for the regulatory event. This field
is automatically set to display the comments
date.
Effective date Date when the regulatory event is going to be
applicable. This field is automatically set to
display the effective date.
Compliance date Date by which the regulatory event is going to
be compliant. This field is automatically set to
display the compliance date.
Expiration date Expiry date for the regulatory event. This field
is automatically set to display the expiration
date.
Series data
Series name Series name of the alert. This field is
automatically set to display the series name
from the provider.
Sequence number Sequence number of the alert. This field is
automatically set to display the sequence
number from the provider.
Activity Journal
Additional comments Additional comments related to the alert.
Compose
Compose section Additional comments related to the alert.
Activities Log of the activities related to the alert.
Highlighted details
Taxonomy Taxonomy details associated with the alert.
This field is automatically set to display the
taxonomy details of the alert.
Note: Beginning with the ServiceNow ® Australia release, the taxonomy section in the
form is not available to the new installations.
6.In the Coordinator field, assign the regulatory event alert to a coordinator with the
sn_grc_reg_change.user user role and select Save.
Result
The regulatory event alert is assigned to the selected coordinator.
What to do next
Assess the impact of a regulatory event alert
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2365
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Fields | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Dates |  |
| Source publication date | Date when the regulatory event is published by the regulatory body. This field is automatically set to display the source publication date. |
| Comments date | Date until when the comments can be provided for the regulatory event. This field is automatically set to display the comments date. |
| Effective date | Date when the regulatory event is going to be applicable. This field is automatically set to display the effective date. |
| Compliance date | Date by which the regulatory event is going to be compliant. This field is automatically set to display the compliance date. |
| Expiration date | Expiry date for the regulatory event. This field is automatically set to display the expiration date. |
| Series data |  |
| Series name | Series name of the alert. This field is automatically set to display the series name from the provider. |
| Sequence number | Sequence number of the alert. This field is automatically set to display the sequence number from the provider. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Additional comments | Additional comments related to the alert. |
| Compose |  |
| Compose section | Additional comments related to the alert. |
| Activities | Log of the activities related to the alert. |
| Highlighted details |  |
| Taxonomy | Taxonomy details associated with the alert. This field is automatically set to display the taxonomy details of the alert. |
