### Manage regulatory change tasks

*Pages 69–73*

Assess the impact of a regulatory event alert
Assess the impact of a regulatory event alert by creating an assessment on the regulatory event
alert. Assign the impact assessment to the owner of the business entity that is affected by the
alert.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
As a user with the sn_grc_reg_change.user role, you can review the regulatory event alert and
initiate an impact assessment on the alert.
Procedure
1.Log in with the sn_grc_reg_change.user role.
2. Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
3. Navigate to Lists > Assigned Regulatory Alerts view.
4.Select the regulatory event type alert that is assigned to you as the coordinator of the alert.
5. Select Initiate Impact Assessment.
6.Select any entity from the Entities list for the impact assessment and select Create
Assessments.
Note: Perform an impact assessment on the regulatory event alert in the classic user
interface as the form is not yet migrated to the Workspace. For more information, see
Assess the impact of a regulatory alert.
If no entities are configured, you can configure new entities.
Result
In the Impact assessments related list, the new impact assessment is listed and it is
automatically assigned to the entity owner. The entity owner reviews it and sends feedback on
the assessment. After completing the assessment, the calculated inherent risk is displayed
under the Assessment Summary tab. When the entity owner selects Mark as complete on the
impact assessment, it saves the assessment details and marks it as Complete.
What to do next
See Manage regulatory change tasks for information on marking the alert as applicable and
managing the regulatory change tasks.
Manage regulatory change tasks
Manage the regulatory change tasks that are associated with the regulatory event alert. When a
business entity owner completes the impact assessment on the regulatory event alert, the user
with the sn_grc_reg_change.user role reviews the assessment summary and marks the alert as
applicable.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
The coordinator of the regulatory event alert identifies the steps to comply with the regulatory
change and manages the regulatory change task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2366
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management application > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
2. Navigate to Lists > Regulatory Alerts view.
3. Select the regulatory event alert for which a business entity owner has completed the
assessment.
4.Review the impact assessment and mark the alert using one of the following options.
Field Description
Mark the alert as applicable. After marking
the regulatory event alert as Applicable, a
Applicable new regulatory change task is automatically
created in the Regulatory Tasks related list in
the regulatory alert UI page.
Mark the alert as not applicable.
When you mark the alert as not applicable, a
message window displays. Select one of the
following reasons in the Reasons list and se­
lect Submit:
Not applicable
◦No action required on the alert
◦Duplicate alert
◦Other
As a result of this action, the stepper compo­
nent displays the alert stage as Completed.
Cancel regulatory alert Cancel the regulatory alert.
Defer Defer the alert to a later date.
5. For the applicable alert, select the Regulatory Tasks related list and select the regulatory
change task that is created automatically for the alert.
6.In the Details tab, fill in the form.
Regulatory Change Task form
Field Description
Regulatory Change Task
Regulatory alert Title of the regulatory alert associated with
the source document import task. This field
is automatically set to display the title of the
alert.
Instructions Instructions related to the source document
import task.
Assignment
Assignment group Assignment group for the record. The group
is selected from the Group Hierarchy table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2367
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Regulatory Change Task |  |
| Regulatory alert | Title of the regulatory alert associated with the source document import task. This field is automatically set to display the title of the alert. |
| Instructions | Instructions related to the source document import task. |
| Assignment |  |

Field Description
Approver type Approver type for the task. Choices are as
follows:
◦User
◦Group
Assigned to User to whom the regulatory change is
assigned.
Approver
If the approver type is a group, the Approver
group field is displayed.
Approver group
If the approver type is a user, the Approver
field is displayed.
Schedule
Due date Due date for the source document or
regulatory event alert import task.
Approved on Date when the source document import task
is approved. This field is automatically set to
display the approval date.
Activity Journal
Watchlist Users whom you want to add as watchers for
this task.
Work notes list Users who have added the work notes for this
task.
Work notes (Private) Work notes related to the task.
Compose
Worknotes Worknotes typed in by the users. These work
notes can be posted for reference.
Activity
Activity Activity and state of the task.
Attachments
Attachments Attachments related to the task.
7.Verify that the mandatory fields such as Approver, Assigned to, and Due date are updated.
8.Select Respond.
The Respond action triggers the impact radius calculation in the background. For information
on impact radius calculation, see Impact radius for regulatory alerts of type regulatory event.
The regulatory change task is updated with the Responded state.
9.Add an action task if necessary.
See Create a new action task for the alert for creating an action task.
10.Add issues if necessary.
See Create or add an issue related to a regulatory task for more information.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2368
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Approver type | Approver type for the task. Choices are as follows: ◦User ◦Group |
| Assigned to | User to whom the regulatory change is assigned. |
| Approver | If the approver type is a group, the Approver group field is displayed. |
| Approver group | If the approver type is a user, the Approver field is displayed. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Due date for the source document or regulatory event alert import task. |
| Approved on | Date when the source document import task is approved. This field is automatically set to display the approval date. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Watchlist | Users whom you want to add as watchers for this task. |
| Work notes list | Users who have added the work notes for this task. |
| Work notes (Private) | Work notes related to the task. |
| Compose |  |
| Worknotes | Worknotes typed in by the users. These work notes can be posted for reference. |
| Activity |  |
| Activity | Activity and state of the task. |
| Attachments |  |
| Attachments | Attachments related to the task. |

11. After creating necessary action tasks and issues, select Request Approval.
Depending on the state of the approval, the action task is activated. When the action task is
closed, the associated source document import task is automatically closed.
Result
Verify that the regulatory change task is updated with the Responded state and the Action tasks
related list is displayed for the regulatory event alert.
What to do next
Create a new action task for the alert
Regulatory Change Task form
Use the Regulatory Change Task form in Compliance Workspace to create a regulatory change
task.
Regulatory Change Task form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Regulatory Change Task form
Field Description
General
Name Name of the regulatory change task.
Instructions Instructions related to the regulatory change
task.
Regulatory Alert
Regulatory alert Title of the regulatory alert associated with
the regulatory change task. This field is
automatically set to display the title of the
alert.
Description Description of the associated regulatory alert.
This field is automatically set to display the
description of the alert.
Classification
Type Type of the regulatory change task:
•None
•Business Change
•Citation Amendment
•Control Update
•Policy Revision
•Regulatory Reporting
•Training Revision
•Other
Priority Priority of the regulatory change task:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2369
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |
| Name | Name of the regulatory change task. |
| Instructions | Instructions related to the regulatory change task. |
| Regulatory Alert |  |
| Regulatory alert | Title of the regulatory alert associated with the regulatory change task. This field is automatically set to display the title of the alert. |
| Description | Description of the associated regulatory alert. This field is automatically set to display the description of the alert. |
| Classification |  |
| Type | Type of the regulatory change task: •None •Business Change •Citation Amendment •Control Update •Policy Revision •Regulatory Reporting •Training Revision •Other |

Regulatory Change Task form (continued)
Field Description
•None
•1 - Critical
•2 - High
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Planning
Assignment
Assignment group Assignment group for the record. The group is
selected from the Group Hierarchy table.
Approval by Choices are as follows:
•User
•Group
Assigned to User to whom the regulatory change is
assigned.
Approver
If the approver type is a group, the Approver
group field is displayed.
Approver group
If the approver type is a user, the Approver
field is displayed.
Schedule
Due date Due date for the source document or
regulatory event alert import task.
Approved on Date when the source document import task
is approved. This field is automatically set to
display the approval date.
Closed on Date when the regulatory change task is
closed.
Activity Journal
Watch list Users whom you want to add as watchers for
this task.
Restrict worknotes to Users to whom you want to restrict the
worknotes.
Work notes (Private) Work notes related to the task.
Response notes Displays the response notes.
Attachments
Attachments Attachments related to the task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2370
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •None •1 - Critical •2 - High •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Planning |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignment group | Assignment group for the record. The group is selected from the Group Hierarchy table. |
| Approval by | Choices are as follows: •User •Group |
| Assigned to | User to whom the regulatory change is assigned. |
| Approver | If the approver type is a group, the Approver group field is displayed. |
| Approver group | If the approver type is a user, the Approver field is displayed. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Due date for the source document or regulatory event alert import task. |
| Approved on | Date when the source document import task is approved. This field is automatically set to display the approval date. |
| Closed on | Date when the regulatory change task is closed. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Watch list | Users whom you want to add as watchers for this task. |
| Restrict worknotes to | Users to whom you want to restrict the worknotes. |
| Work notes (Private) | Work notes related to the task. |
| Response notes | Displays the response notes. |
| Attachments |  |
| Attachments | Attachments related to the task. |
