### Manage a source document import task

*Pages 74–75*

Manage a source document import task
Manage the source document import tasks that are associated with the source document alerts.
When a source document alert is marked as applicable, a source import document task is
created automatically.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
A source document import task is used to ingest a particular source document that is received
from the provider into the regulatory library.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management application > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
2. Navigate to Lists > Regulatory Alerts view.
3. Select the source document alert that you assessed previously and select the import
document task.
4.In the Details tab, fill in the form.
Source document import task form
Field Description
Import Document Task
Regulatory alert Title of the regulatory alert associated with
the import document task. This field is
automatically set to display the alert title.
Instructions Instructions related to the import document
task.
Assignment
Assignment group Assignment group for the record. The group
is selected from the Group Hierarchy table.
Approver type Approver type for the task. Choices are as
follows:
◦User
◦Group
Assigned to User to which the task is assigned.
Approver or Approver group
If the approver type is a group, the Approver
group field is displayed.
If the approver type is a user, the Approver
field is displayed.
Schedule
Due date Due date for the source document import
task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2371
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Import Document Task |  |
| Regulatory alert | Title of the regulatory alert associated with the import document task. This field is automatically set to display the alert title. |
| Instructions | Instructions related to the import document task. |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignment group | Assignment group for the record. The group is selected from the Group Hierarchy table. |
| Approver type | Approver type for the task. Choices are as follows: ◦User ◦Group |
| Assigned to | User to which the task is assigned. |
| Approver or Approver group | If the approver type is a group, the Approver group field is displayed. If the approver type is a user, the Approver field is displayed. |
| Schedule |  |

Field Description
Approved on Date when the source document import task
is approved. This field is automatically set to
display the approval date.
Activity Journal
Watchlist Users that are in the watchlist for this task.
Work notes list Users that are in the work notes for this task.
Work notes (Private) Work notes related to the task.
Compose
Worknotes Worknotes typed in by the users. These work
notes can be posted for reference.
Activity
Activity Shows the activity and state of the task. Auto-
populated field.
Attachments
Attachments Attachments related to the task.
5. Verify that the Assigned to, Approver, and Due date fields are updated.
6.To save the changes, select Save.
7.To update the selected source document import task, select Work in progress.
8.Navigate to the Action tasks related list and add an action task if necessary.
See Create a new action task for the alert for creating a new action task.
9.Navigate to the Issues related list and add an issue if necessary.
See Create or add an issue related to a regulatory task for adding an issue.
10.In the Import Task section, insert a new citation or update an existing citation as described in
the table.
Field Description
Action associated with the citation. Select
Insert to insert a new citation.
Note: The Insert or Update action relat­
Insert action
ed to the citation is available only when
the source document import task is in
the In progress state.
Option to create a new citation under an exist­
ing authority document or citation. When this
Create under an existing Authority Docu­ option is selected, a child authority document
ment or Citation or a child citation is created under an existing
citation. This option is displayed only when
the Insert action is selected.
Parent authority document or citation. This
field is displayed only when the Create under
Parent type
an existing Authority Document or Citation
option is enabled.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2372
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Approved on | Date when the source document import task is approved. This field is automatically set to display the approval date. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Watchlist | Users that are in the watchlist for this task. |
| Work notes list | Users that are in the work notes for this task. |
| Work notes (Private) | Work notes related to the task. |
| Compose |  |
| Worknotes | Worknotes typed in by the users. These work notes can be posted for reference. |
| Activity |  |
| Activity | Shows the activity and state of the task. Auto- populated field. |
| Attachments |  |
| Attachments | Attachments related to the task. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
