### Assign a source document alert to a coordinator

*Pages 76–77*

Field Description
Parent authority document or citation from
the library. This field is displayed only when
Parent authority document
the Create under an existing Authority Docu­
ment or Citation option is enabled.
Action associated with the citation. Select Up­
Update action date and add the citation in the Target cita­
tion field to update an existing citation.
11. Select Request Approval.
Result
The state of the source document import task is updated to Awaiting Approval. Depending on
the state of the approval, the action task is activated.
What to do next
See Create a new action task for the alert and Complete the action task associated with the alert
for information on creating a new action task and completing an action task associated with the
alert.
Assign a source document alert to a coordinator
Log in to the GRC: Regulatory Change Management application, review the source document
alert, and assign it to a coordinator. The coordinator then assesses the applicability of the alert
and completes the associated regulatory tasks.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
As a manager, you can view and assign the source document alerts to users with the
sn_grc_reg_change.user role. The user can then perform actions on the source document alerts.
Procedure
1.Log in with the sn_grc_reg_change.manager user role.
2. Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
3. Navigate to Lists > Assigned Regulatory Alerts view.
4.Select a source document type alert in the list.
5. In the Details tab, fill in the form.
Details tab in the Source Document alert form
Fields Description
Title Title of the source document type of alert
as received from the provider. This field is
automatically set to display the title.
Citation Citation number for the source document
that is received from the provider. This field is
automatically set to display the citation.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2373
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Fields | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Title | Title of the source document type of alert as received from the provider. This field is automatically set to display the title. |
| Citation | Citation number for the source document that is received from the provider. This field is automatically set to display the citation. |

Fields Description
Provider URL URL of the alert provider. This field is
automatically set to display the provider URL.
Regulatory body URL URL of the regulatory body that is associated
with the alert. This field is automatically set to
display the regulatory body URL.
Provider Name of the alert provider. This field is
automatically set to display the name of the
provider.
Type Type of the regulatory alert. For example,
source document alert. This field is
automatically set to display the type of the
alert.
Coordinator User that the alert is assigned to.
Dates
Source publication date Date when an alert is published by the
regulatory body. Auto-populated field. This
field is automatically set to display the source
publication date.
Comments date Date until when the comments can be
provided for the alert. Auto-populated field.
This field is automatically set to display the
comments date.
Effective date Date when the alert is going to be applicable.
This field is automatically set to display the
effective date.
Compliance date Date by which the alert is going to be
compliant. This field is automatically set to
display the compliance date.
Expiration date Expiry date for the alert. This field is
automatically set to display the expiration
date.
Activity Journal
Additional comments Additional comments related to the alert.
Compose
Additional comments Additional comments related to the alert that
are added in the Compose section.
Log of the activities Log of the activities related to the alert.
Displays the system generated changes and
additional comments.
Highlighted details
Taxonomy Taxonomy details associated with the alert.
This field is automatically set to display the
taxonomy details of the alert.
6.In the Coordinator field, assign it to a user with the sn_grc_reg_change.user user role.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2374
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Fields | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider URL | URL of the alert provider. This field is automatically set to display the provider URL. |
| Regulatory body URL | URL of the regulatory body that is associated with the alert. This field is automatically set to display the regulatory body URL. |
| Provider | Name of the alert provider. This field is automatically set to display the name of the provider. |
| Type | Type of the regulatory alert. For example, source document alert. This field is automatically set to display the type of the alert. |
| Coordinator | User that the alert is assigned to. |
| Dates |  |
| Source publication date | Date when an alert is published by the regulatory body. Auto-populated field. This field is automatically set to display the source publication date. |
| Comments date | Date until when the comments can be provided for the alert. Auto-populated field. This field is automatically set to display the comments date. |
| Effective date | Date when the alert is going to be applicable. This field is automatically set to display the effective date. |
| Compliance date | Date by which the alert is going to be compliant. This field is automatically set to display the compliance date. |
| Expiration date | Expiry date for the alert. This field is automatically set to display the expiration date. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Additional comments | Additional comments related to the alert. |
| Compose |  |
| Additional comments | Additional comments related to the alert that are added in the Compose section. |
| Log of the activities | Log of the activities related to the alert. Displays the system generated changes and additional comments. |
| Highlighted details |  |
| Taxonomy | Taxonomy details associated with the alert. This field is automatically set to display the taxonomy details of the alert. |
