### Create a new action task for the alert

*Pages 78–79*

7.Log in with the sn_grc_reg_change.manager role, open the selected source document alert,
and mark the alert using one of the following options.
Field Description
Applicable Marks the alert as applicable.
Marks the alert as not applicable. Select one
of the following reasons and select Submit:
◦No action required on the alert
Not applicable
◦Duplicate alert
◦Other
As a result of this action, the stepper compo­
nent in the alert page displays the stage as
Completed.
Cancel regulatory alert Cancel the regulatory alert.
Defer Defer the alert to a later date.
Result
After marking the source document alert as Applicable, a new source document import task is
created under the Import document tasks related list.
Create a new action task for the alert
Create a new action task for the alert so that you can assign the action tasks to the compliance
and risk users and mark a due date for the action tasks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.user
About this task
The user with the sn_grc_reg_change.user role assigns the selected action task to the users
with the sn_compliance.manager and sn_risk.manager roles depending on the action area of
the alert such as compliance or risk. Once the compliance and risk users complete the action
tasks associated with the alert, the alert and the parent regulatory change task are closed
automatically.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
2. In the List view, navigate to Lists > Regulatory Alerts > Assigned Alerts view.
3. Complete one of the following tasks depending on the type of the alert.
Field Description
Select the regulatory event alert for which the
regulatory change task is in the In progress
Regulatory event alert
state and the Action tasks related list is dis­
played in the alert UI page.
Select the source document alert for which
Source document alert
the source document import task is in the In
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2375
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

Field Description
progress state and the Action tasks related
list is displayed in the alert UI page.
4.Navigate to the Action Tasks related list and select New.
Note: Only when the regulatory task is in New, Work in Progress, or Implementation
states, you can create a new action task.
Action tasks form
Field Description
General
Name Name of the action task.
Instructions Instructions related to the action task.
Classification
Type Type of the action task:
◦None
◦Business Impact
◦Change Policies
◦Executive Briefing
◦Legal Review
◦Notification
◦Others
Priority Priority of the action task:
◦None
◦1 - Critical
◦2 - High
◦3 - Moderate
◦4 - Low
◦5 - Planning
Area of Impact
Impacted regulatory item Table to obtain the impacted regulatory item
from. For example, Control objective.
Impacted area Specific impacted area of the selected
table. For example, if you selected control
objective in the impacted regulatory item,
then you can select the SOX-GLC-66
Location code/Internal order request
interface from SURF to SAP objective
control objective.
Assignment
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2376
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |
| Name | Name of the action task. |
| Instructions | Instructions related to the action task. |
| Classification |  |
| Type | Type of the action task: ◦None ◦Business Impact ◦Change Policies ◦Executive Briefing ◦Legal Review ◦Notification ◦Others |
| Priority | Priority of the action task: ◦None ◦1 - Critical ◦2 - High ◦3 - Moderate ◦4 - Low ◦5 - Planning |
| Area of Impact |  |
| Impacted regulatory item | Table to obtain the impacted regulatory item from. For example, Control objective. |
| Impacted area | Specific impacted area of the selected table. For example, if you selected control objective in the impacted regulatory item, then you can select the SOX-GLC-66 Location code/Internal order request interface from SURF to SAP objective control objective. |
