### Complete the action task associated with the alert

*Pages 80–81*

Field Description
Assignment Group Group that is assigned the action task.
This field is automatically set to display the
assignment group.
Assigned to User who is assigned the task. This field is
automatically set to display the assignee of
the task.
Schedule
Due date Date by which the action task must be
complete.
Closed on Date on which the action tasks is closed.
Additional Details
Title Title of the regulatory alert
Description Description of the regulatory alert
Regulatory Task Unique identification number for the
regulatory task. This field is automatically set
to display the regulatory task identification
number.
Activity Journal
Watch list List of users who receive notifications about
the updates.
Restrict worknotes to Users to whom you want to restrict the
worknotes.
Work notes (Private) Log of the work notes.
Response notes Displays the response notes.
Attachments
Attachments Attachments related to the task.
5. In the action tasks form, verify that the mandatory fields are updated.
The action task is marked for the sn_compliance.manager or the sn_risk.manager users.
6.To save the changes, select Save.
Result
The action task is marked for the users with the sn_compliance.manager or the sn_risk.manager
roles.
What to do next
Complete the action task associated with the alert
Complete the action task associated with the alert
Complete the action tasks that are related to the regulatory event alerts and source document
alerts. The compliance and risk users complete the action tasks that are assigned to them. The
compliance and risk managers track the progress on the action tasks.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2377
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assignment Group | Group that is assigned the action task. This field is automatically set to display the assignment group. |
| Assigned to | User who is assigned the task. This field is automatically set to display the assignee of the task. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Date by which the action task must be complete. |
| Closed on | Date on which the action tasks is closed. |
| Additional Details |  |
| Title | Title of the regulatory alert |
| Description | Description of the regulatory alert |
| Regulatory Task | Unique identification number for the regulatory task. This field is automatically set to display the regulatory task identification number. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Watch list | List of users who receive notifications about the updates. |
| Restrict worknotes to | Users to whom you want to restrict the worknotes. |
| Work notes (Private) | Log of the work notes. |
| Response notes | Displays the response notes. |
| Attachments |  |
| Attachments | Attachments related to the task. |

Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager, sn_risk.manager, sn_compliance.user, sn_risk.user,
sn_grc_reg_change.manager
About this task
The action tasks are created as a follow-up to complete the changes that have been identified as
part of the regulatory change tasks and source document import tasks.
The actions described in the following steps are performed by the users with the
sn_compliance.manager, sn_risk.manager, sn_compliance.user, sn_risk.user, and
sn_grc_reg_change.manager roles.
Procedure
1.Log in with the sn_compliance.manager or the sn_risk.manager user role.
2. Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance Workspace.
The Regulatory Change Management application in the Compliance Workspace is displayed.
3. In the List view, navigate to Lists > Regulatory Alerts > Assigned Alerts view.
4.Navigate to the action task that is marked for you.
5. Assign the action task as described in the table.
Role Description
Log in with the sn_compliance.manager user
role. Assign the action task associated with
sn_compliance.manager the regulatory event alert or the source doc­
ument alert to the user with the sn_compli­
ance.user role.
Log in with the sn_risk.manager user role. As­
sign the action task associated with the reg­
sn_risk.manager
ulatory event alert or the source document
alert to the user with the sn_risk.user role.
6.Complete the action task as described in the table.
Role Description
Log in with the sn_compliance.manager user
role. Complete the action tasks that are as­
sn_compliance.user
signed to you and mark the state of the action
task as Completed.
Log in with the sn_risk.manager user role.
Complete the action tasks that are assigned
sn_risk.user
to you and mark the state of the action task as
Completed.
7.Verify the status of the action task as described in the table.
Role Description
Log in with the sn_compliance.manager user
role. Verify that the action task associated
sn_compliance.manager with the regulatory event alert or the source
document alert has been completed by the
user with the sn_compliance.user role.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2378
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Role | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Role | Description |
| --- | --- |
