### Associating an AI-recommended citation to an open regulatory alert

*Pages 86–86*

Associating an AI-recommended citation to an open regulatory alert
Associate a citation to an open regulatory alert by using the GRC: Predictive Intelligence
application and a similarity solution model that uses an AI-recommended citation. Your
compliance team can check the incoming regulatory alerts to determine if the citations or
requirements apply to your organization.
Overview of associating a citation to a regulatory alert
Traditionally, if you had a subscription license, you could download a citation from a third-party
provider or create a citation from an authority document by using Compliance Workspace.
Note: An authority document is a document that contains the external regulations, such
as the laws, regulations, and standards, that your organization must comply with.
A citation is a passage or an expression from an authority document that your business
must comply with. It’s an individual requirement within an authority document.
Now, you can use AI and machine learning (ML) to train a similarity solution model that
automatically suggests which citations to add to the regulatory alerts. The citations are based
on a confidence score that indicates the level of confidence that a prediction is correct. A higher
score means that the match has a higher probability of being correct.
The Governance, Risk, and Compliance: Predictive Intelligence application uses AI and ML
to make the GRC application adding citations smarter. These suggestions are based on a
confidence score that is based on the recommended citation.
A user with the sn_compliance_admin role must train the solution definition after they install
the GRC: Predictive Intelligence application with its dependencies. A user with the ml_admin
role can also customize the solution definition. This modification is based on the data in the
[sn_complaince_citation] and the [sn_grc_reg_change_reg_feed] table. If you
have the sn_compliance_admin role, you can select how frequently you want to refresh the data
that you use to retrieve your similarity results. For more information about solution definitions,
see Similarity solution definitions .
Key benefits of associating a citation to a regulatory alert
By associating an AI-recommended citation to an open regulatory alert, your organization gets
the following key benefits:
•Enhanced regulatory compliance mapping for effective reporting.
•Reduced manual effort by your compliance team to identify and discover citations that are
mapped to the incoming regulatory alerts.
What you see when associating an AI-recommended citation card to a
regulatory alert
When you use AI to associate a recommended citation card to a regulatory alert, you see the
following details:
•The confidence score of the recommended citation.
•The citation name and authority document name that links with the citation and authority. You
can open the links in separate windows.
•An option to ignore the recommendation.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2383
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
