### Action tasks in Regulatory Change Management

*Pages 87–87*

•An option to associate the recommendation.
•The history icon that enables you to view the history of actions that were taken on the
regulatory alert, including the dates when the recommendations were added or ignored by
your users.
Action tasks in Regulatory Change Management
The action tasks facilitating the change management process are associated with Regulatory
Change. The ownership of these action tasks is managed by the respective business owners
affected due to the regulatory change.
Action tasks are related to regulatory change tasks and to source document import tasks.
Users with the sn_grc_reg_change.manager, sn_grc_reg_change.user, or
sn_grc_reg_change.admin role create regulatory action tasks and source document
import tasks. These tasks are related to the Compliance and Risk areas in the GRC library. The
Compliance Manager and Risk Manager assign the tasks to the correct Risk or Compliance
group.
There are two categories of action tasks in the Regulatory Change Management application:
•Compliance: Contains all compliance-related action tasks. Compliance users can select a
specific Compliance record in the GRC library, such as policies and controls.
•Risk: Contains all risk-related action tasks. Risk users can select a specific Risk record in the
GRC library, such as risk statements.
Action tasks are created automatically for potentially impacted risk statements and policies.
Managers with the sn_grc_reg_change.manager role can view and sort the action tasks
using the following tabs:
•All assigned tasks
•Unassigned compliance tasks
•Unassigned risk tasks
•Ready tasks
•In Progress tasks
•Closed tasks
Starting with version 19.0.x, you can initiate and complete the action tasks
independently without requiring prior approval from users who are assigned with the
sn_grc_reg_change.manager role. You can execute assigned responsibilities in a timely
manner and reduce unnecessary approval bottlenecks. The access to action tasks remains
governed by user permissions and role-based access controls to ensure proper accountability
and oversight.
Staring with version 21.0.x, you can reopen the action tasks for a regulatory task when it's
rejected and transitions back to the Implementation state. You can review and rework the
tasks to address the feedback or incorporate the updated requirements. You can also modify
and resubmit the reopened action tasks so that the implementation aligns with regulatory
expectations before you resubmit the change task.
Types of action tasks
The following types of action tasks are available in Regulatory Change Management:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2384
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
