### Import the regulatory event alerts in bulk

*Pages 88–88*

•Business Impact
•Change Policies
•Executive Briefing
•Legal Review
•Notification
•Others
•None
Import the regulatory event alerts in bulk
Populate the Workspace with your own regulatory event alerts. You can then import multiple
alerts in the Regulatory Change Management application.
About this task
Importing the regulatory alerts in bulk offers the following benefits:
•Savings in time and efforts.
•Reduced errors by eliminating the need to manually enter data.
•Improved scalability and data visibility by making the data readily available irrespective of the
size.
•Enhanced data analysis and reporting to gain insights.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin, sn_grc_reg_change.it_admin
About this task
Before importing the data, you must review the following checklist:
•Ensure that you have access and privilege to import the alerts. If you do not have the right
permission, the Import data link is hidden in the UI.
•The supported file formats are .xls and .xlsx. All file attachments should be separated from the
data. Unexpected errors may occur if the .xls and .xlsx files contain special controls such as
combination filters or images embedded in them.
•Any data for the file to be imported should not be enclosed in the <script> </script> tags.
•Each required (mandatory) field must contain a value. Ensure that you do not leave any
mandatory fields blank in the import file. For example, when you are importing information,
each record must include a name. You cannot proceed to the next step without mapping the
mandatory fields.
•All data values displayed in the drop-down lists must exist in the corresponding fields.
•Ensure that the first row of data (records) in the source file contains the column headings or
field names rather than the actual data values. These column headings or field names help you
to identify the data when you map new data to the existing fields in the application.
Procedure
1.Log in with the admin role and navigate to the All > Regulatory Change Management >
Regulatory Alerts list view.
2. Select Download Template.
It downloads the prebuilt spreadsheet or workbook that is already formatted, organized, and
populated with data value. The Data entry sheet of the file shows the mandatory columns to
be filled such as Title and Type. The Field description sheet of the template provides detailed
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2385
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
