### Export a report to PDF

*Pages 90–90*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management application > Compliance Workspace.
A new Compliance Management tab is displayed.
2. In the List view, navigate to Lists > Taxonomy page.
3. Navigate to one of the following modules:
◦Regulatory bodies
◦Content types
◦Jurisdictions
◦Themes
◦Sectors
The name and parent body for the selected taxonomy category are displayed.
4.In the Name list, select a taxonomy element.
Details of the selected taxonomy element are displayed on a separate page with the Details
tab and Internal taxonomy related list.
5. To create a new internal taxonomy for the selected taxonomy class, select New.
Create new internal taxonomy form
Field Description
Name Name of the internal taxonomy.
Taxonomy class Taxonomy class populated by default for the
selected category.
Parent Parent record for which the new internal
taxonomy is created.
6.To save the taxonomy, select Save.
Export a report to PDF
Create Portable Document Format (PDF) reports for compliance cases or requests using
predefined or customized templates in the Compliance Workspace. This feature enables the
stakeholders who may not have access to the application can still access the data.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_analyst. A user with the sn_comp_case.compliance_​
case_analyst role contains the sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_analyst role.
About this task
You can export compliance data to PDF reports for easy sharing with audit teams, partners,
or internal committees, eliminating the requirement for application access. A compliance
administrator can select a predefined template or create a customized document template to
generate reports. For more information, see Configure a PDF document template .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2387
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the internal taxonomy. |
| Taxonomy class | Taxonomy class populated by default for the selected category. |
| Parent | Parent record for which the new internal taxonomy is created. |
