### Email notifications in Regulatory Change Management

*Pages 99–99*

See the following table for information on the states of regulatory alerts.
States of the alerts and their description
State Description
New Each incoming regulatory alert is by
default assigned to a new state. Only
the sn_grc_reg_change.admin or the
sn_grc_reg_change.manager can assign an
alert record.
Deferred Some alerts do not require an immediate
action and therefore, they are in the Deferred
state and they are assigned to a later date.
Impact Assessment The alert records that are of type regulatory
event are assessed for applicability and are
marked for an impact assessment. After an
impact assessment, the alerts are marked as
applicable or not applicable.
In Progress Alerts with the In Progress state are being
worked on. An sn_grc_reg_change.user is
assigned to each alert.
Closed Alerts that are not relevant to an organization
are in the Closed state. Alerts that have
associated tasks that have been completed
are also in the Closed state.
Cancelled Alerts that are in Cancelled state.
Note: The attributes on the alert record are part of the metadata that is given by the third-
party regulatory intelligence provider. These attributes help in determining the applicability
of the alert to the organization. These records are non-editable in the Regulatory Change
Management application.
Email notifications in Regulatory Change Management
A number of email notifications are sent by the Regulatory Change Management application.
Email notifications
The following table describes the recipient list of notifications and the associated conditions
when a notification is sent.
Notification Recipients
When a regulatory feed is closed Coordinator
When a regulatory feed is deferred Coordinator
When a regulatory feed is assigned Coordinator
Regulatory action task last day assigned_to (comp user/risk user)
Regulatory action task assigned assigned_to (comp user/risk user)
Regulatory change task assigned assigned_to (reg change user)
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2396
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| State | Description |
| --- | --- |
| New | Each incoming regulatory alert is by default assigned to a new state. Only the sn_grc_reg_change.admin or the sn_grc_reg_change.manager can assign an alert record. |
| Deferred | Some alerts do not require an immediate action and therefore, they are in the Deferred state and they are assigned to a later date. |
| Impact Assessment | The alert records that are of type regulatory event are assessed for applicability and are marked for an impact assessment. After an impact assessment, the alerts are marked as applicable or not applicable. |
| In Progress | Alerts with the In Progress state are being worked on. An sn_grc_reg_change.user is assigned to each alert. |
| Closed | Alerts that are not relevant to an organization are in the Closed state. Alerts that have associated tasks that have been completed are also in the Closed state. |
| Cancelled | Alerts that are in Cancelled state. |

| Notification | Recipients |
| --- | --- |
| When a regulatory feed is closed |  |
| When a regulatory feed is deferred |  |
| When a regulatory feed is assigned |  |
| Regulatory action task last day |  |
| Regulatory action task assigned |  |
