### Roles and tables installed with Regulatory Agency Library

*Pages 100–101*

Notification Recipients
Regulatory change task approved assigned_to (reg change user)
Regulatory change task rejected assigned_to (reg change user)
Regulatory change task cancelled assigned_to (reg change user)
Regulatory change task reminder due today assigned_to (reg change user)
Source document import task assigned assigned_to (reg change user)
Source import document task approved assigned_to (reg change user)
Source import document task rejected assigned_to (reg change user)
Source import document task cancelled assigned_to (reg change user)
Import document task reminder due today assigned_to (reg change user)
Review regulatory change task Approver
Risk assessment- Reassessment completed Approver
Notify assessor Assessor
Notify approver/approver changed Approver
Assessor changed Assessor
Notify assessor of assessment cancellation Assessor
when the risk assessment methodolgy retires
Notify assessment cancellation by owner Assessor
Notify about upcoming due date Assessor
Notify about due date passed Assessor
Final notification for due date passed Assessor
Smart assessment overdue Assessor
Smart assessment is completed Requester of assessment
Smart assessment created Assessor
Smart assessment cancelled when alert is Assessor
closed/cancelled
Smart assessment cancelled by RCM admin Assessor
Smart assessment reassigned Assessor
Roles and tables installed with Regulatory Agency Library
Several types of components are installed with activation of the Regulatory Agency Library
application, including tables and user roles.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2397
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Notification | Recipients |
| --- | --- |
| Regulatory change task approved |  |
| Regulatory change task rejected |  |
| Regulatory change task cancelled |  |
| Regulatory change task reminder due today |  |
| Source document import task assigned |  |
| Source import document task approved |  |
| Source import document task rejected |  |
| Source import document task cancelled |  |
| Import document task reminder due today |  |
| Review regulatory change task |  |
| Risk assessment- Reassessment completed |  |
| Notify assessor |  |
| Notify approver/approver changed |  |
| Assessor changed |  |
| Notify assessor of assessment cancellation when the risk assessment methodolgy retires |  |
| Notify assessment cancellation by owner |  |
| Notify about upcoming due date |  |
| Notify about due date passed |  |
| Final notification for due date passed |  |
| Smart assessment overdue |  |
| Smart assessment is completed |  |
| Smart assessment created |  |
| Smart assessment cancelled when alert is closed/cancelled |  |
| Smart assessment cancelled by RCM admin |  |

Roles installed with Regulatory Agency Library
Roles installed
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
•sn_compliance.reader
Regulatory Agency Contains the
Library Reader reader role in •sn_grc.reader
[sn_reg_body_mgmt.reader] sn_reg_body_mgmt
scopes, and
the reader role
in Compliance
Workspace.
In addition to
the inherited
permissions,
the regulatory
body library
management
reader can access
and read regulatory
agencies,
regulatory contacts,
and jurisdictions.
Contains the
•sn_reg_body_mgmt.reader
Regulatory Agency reader, user, and
Library Writer manager roles in •sn_compliance.user
[sn_reg_body_mgmt.writer] sn_reg_body_mgmt
•sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_manager
scopes, and the
reader and user •sn_compliance.manager
roles in Compliance
•sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst
Workspace.
In addition to •sn_grc.manager
the inherited
permissions,
the regulatory
body library
management writer
can update and
delete regulatory
agencies,
regulatory contacts,
and jurisdictions.
Tables installed with Regulatory Agency Library
Tables installed
Table Description
Regulatory Agency Stores regulatory agencies that enforce
[sn_reg_body_mgmt_regulatory_agency] various types of regulations.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2398
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Regulatory Agency Library Reader [sn_reg_body_mgmt.reader] | Contains the reader role in sn_reg_body_mgmt scopes, and the reader role in Compliance Workspace. In addition to the inherited permissions, the regulatory body library management reader can access and read regulatory agencies, regulatory contacts, and jurisdictions. | •sn_compliance.reader •sn_grc.reader |
| Regulatory Agency Library Writer [sn_reg_body_mgmt.writer] | Contains the reader, user, and manager roles in sn_reg_body_mgmt scopes, and the reader and user roles in Compliance Workspace. In addition to the inherited permissions, the regulatory body library management writer can update and delete regulatory agencies, regulatory contacts, and jurisdictions. | •sn_reg_body_mgmt.reader •sn_compliance.user •sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_manager •sn_compliance.manager •sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst •sn_grc.manager |

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Regulatory Agency [sn_reg_body_mgmt_regulatory_agency] | Stores regulatory agencies that enforce various types of regulations. |
