# Citations in Now Assist AI agents

_Source pages: 45–47 | Depth: 2_

---

<!-- page 45 -->
Citations in Now Assist AI agents
You can see citations on the Now Assist panel when you execute AI agents and agentic
workflows in Now Assist AI agents that provide summaries to get similar incidents and relevant
knowledge articles.
Generating citations:
•Citations are generated by the LLM (Large Language Model), which use the information
available to it.
•URLs can’t be generated by LLM if relevant information isn’t provided.
•LLMs need provide proper URLs for better results.
•Citation URLs return directly from the tool’s outputs.
•The LLM is instructed not to generate or assume citations if they aren’t present.
Note: Invalid or malformed URLs won’t be displayed to the user.
Citations with similar incidents and relevant knowledge articles appear in the Sources section of
the AI Agent Studio Chat and on the Now Assist panel and in with click-able links that direct you
to the incident or knowledge article.

<!-- page 46 -->
You can hide citations for specific agentic workflows or AI agents where it’s necessary or
confidential. For more information, see Disable citations in AI Agent Studio.

<!-- page 47 -->
Disable citations in AI Agent Studio
Disable citations for specific agentic workflows or AI agents in AI Agent Studio where citations
aren’t required or involve confidential information.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_aia_admin
About this task
By default, the citations are enabled for all agentic workflows and AI agents. The Agent
Properties [sn_aia_property] table enables disabling citations at the agentic workflow or AI agent
level. Create a record only when you want to disable citations for specific agentic workflows or
AI agents when the Output transformation strategy field in the Agent tool record is set either to
Summary for Search Results or Verbose.
Note: All citations are generated by the LLM (large language model), which uses the
information available to it.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Definitions > Tables and open the Agent Properties [sn_aia_property]
table.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Agent Property form
Field Description
Name Name for the agent property record used to
hide citations for the agentic workflow or AI
agent.
Value Provide false as the value to hide the
citations.
Target table The table where the target agentic workflow
or AI agent resides.
Target record The record of the target agentic workflow or
AI agent.
Application The application scope for the agent property
record: Now Assist AI agents.
4.Select Submit.
Result
Execute an AI agent or an agentic workflow for which you have disabled citations. You’ll see the
output without citations. See the following example for reference.