### Model Risk Workspace

| Feature | Benefit | Users |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Model Documentation | Makes it easy to maintain clear, audit-ready documentation that streamlines reviews and improves transparency. To link documents from your repository to a model record, refer to Link existing documents to a model record. | •Model Governance •Model Validator •Model Risk Coordinator |
| Model Issue & Remediation | Enables timely detection and resolution of model issues, minimizing business disruption and confirming continuous compliance. To report an issue, refer to Create an issue for model. | •Model Governance •Model Validator •Model Risk Coordinator |

Model Risk Management benefits (continued)
Feature Benefit Users
Model Documentation Makes it easy to maintain clear, audit-ready
•Model Governance
documentation that streamlines reviews and
improves transparency. •Model Validator
•Model Risk
To link documents from your repository to a
Coordinator
model record, refer to Link existing documents
to a model record.
Model Issue & Enables timely detection and resolution of
•Model Governance
Remediation model issues, minimizing business disruption
and confirming continuous compliance. •Model Validator
•Model Risk
To report an issue, refer to Create an issue for
Coordinator
model.
What to explore next
To learn more about configuring and using Model Risk Management, see:
•Configuring Model Risk Management
•Configure scoring logic for model risk assessments
•Using Model Risk Management
•Model Risk Management reference
Model Risk Workspace
The Model Risk Workspace enables the model risk governance team and model validators to
view the action items that require their immediate attention.
The Model Risk Workspace gives model risk governance teams and model validators a
centralized environment to monitor, track, and act on model-related tasks and issues. It organizes
key information into easily accessible tabs, helping you prioritize your work and take timely risk
management actions.
It displays overdue items, upcoming deadlines, critical issues, new initiated models, and the
status of models throughout their life cycle. The workspace enables teams to make informed
decisions quickly and reduces the need to navigate multiple pages or reports.
You can access the Model Risk Workspace by navigating to All > Model Risk Workspace.
The Homepage of the Model Risk Workspace contains the following information: