### Install Model Risk Management

2. Configure scoring logic for model risk assessments
Configure the scoring logic for Smart Assessment templates that you use to assess the model
risks.
Install Model Risk Management
Install the Model Risk Management application (sn_model_risk_mgmt). The application installs
®
related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren’t already installed.
Before you begin
•Ensure that the application and all of its associated ServiceNow Store applications have valid
ServiceNow entitlements. For more information, see Get entitlement for a ServiceNow product
or application .
•Review the Model Risk Management application listing in the ServiceNow Store for information
on dependencies, licensing or subscription requirements, and release compatibility.
•Check your entitlements to determine whether you have access to Model Risk Management.
Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.admin
About this task
The following items are installed with Model Risk Management:
•Plugins
•Store applications
•Roles
•Tables
•Properties
For more information, see Model Risk Management reference.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the Model Risk Management application (sn_model_risk_mgmt) using the filter criteria
and search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you can’t find the application, you might
have to request it from the ServiceNow Store.
In the list next to the Install button, the versions that are available to you’re displayed.
3. Select a version from the list and select Install.
In the Review Installation Details dialog box, any dependencies installed with your application
are listed.
4.If you're prompted, follow the links to the ServiceNow Store to get any additional entitlements
for dependencies.
5. Optional: If demo data is available and you want to install it, select the Load demo data check
box.
Demo data are the sample records that describe application features for common use cases.
Load the demo data when you first install the application on a development or test instance.
6.Select Install.