### Configure Model Workflow Settings

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name of the model workflow settings. |
| Table | Table that the workflow setting applies to. This field is automatically set to Model Risk. |
| Priority | Priority level for this workflow setting. If multiple workflow settings match the same conditions, the system uses the one with the highest priority. |
| Active | Option to activate the workflow setting. When active, the defined scheduling rules and frequencies are applied to the filtered models. |
| Filter condition | Conditions that determine which model records the workflow applies to. Select Set conditions to choose filter criteria. For more information, refer to Condition builder . |

Configure Model Workflow Settings
Configure the conditions and frequency for scheduling assessment and validation tasks to
maintain a structured and timely approach to model risk management.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance or sn_model_risk_mgmt.admin
About this task
This task explains how to configure the frequency for assessment and validation tasks, and
define filter conditions. You can schedule assessment and validation tasks for a model risk in the
Monitor stage. Based on the configuration, tasks are automatically created for model risks that
match the defined conditions in the workflow settings.
Note: Models with customized frequencies at the model risk record level aren’t affected.
To manually schedule assessment and validation tasks from the model risk record, refer to
Schedule assessment and validation tasks.
Procedure
1.If you're a Model Risk Management admin [sn_model_risk_mgmt.admin], navigate to All >
Model Risk Configuration > Model Workflow Settings, and continue from step 3.
2. Users with sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance role, navigate to All > Model Risk
Workspace and do the following:
a.Select the list icon.
b.From the list, navigate to Model risk configurations > Model workflow settings.
c.Continue from step 3.
3. Select New.
4.On the Create New Model Workflow Settings form, fill in the fields.
Create New Model Workflow Settings
Field Description
Name Unique name of the model workflow settings.
Table Table that the workflow setting applies to. This field is automatically set to Model
Risk.
Priority Priority level for this workflow setting. If multiple workflow settings match the same
conditions, the system uses the one with the highest priority.
Active Option to activate the workflow setting. When active, the defined scheduling rules
and frequencies are applied to the filtered models.
Filter Conditions that determine which model records the workflow applies to. Select
condition Set conditions to choose filter criteria. For more information, refer to Condition
builder .
5. Select Save.
6.To update task schedules, go to the Frequency settings tab.
7.Define the task frequency for Model risk assessment and Model validation task types.
8.On the Frequency form, fill in the fields.