### Request a new model

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Frequency | Option to define how often the assessments and validations should occur. |
| Duration (days) | Number of days within which the assessment or validation must be completed after it’s scheduled. |
| Repeat every | Interval value for how often the task repeats. For example, enter 2 to repeat every 2 units of the selected period. You can select the unit value in the Period field. This field appears only when Custom is selected from Frequency field. |
| Period | Time unit for the custom interval. The options are as follows: ◦Days ◦Weeks ◦Months ◦Years This field appears only when Custom is selected from Frequency field. |

Frequency form
Field Description
Frequency Option to define how often the assessments and validations should occur.
Duration Number of days within which the assessment or validation must be completed
(days) after it’s scheduled.
Repeat Interval value for how often the task repeats. For example, enter 2 to repeat every
every 2 units of the selected period. You can select the unit value in the Period field.
This field appears only when Custom is selected from Frequency field.
Period Time unit for the custom interval. The options are as follows:
◦Days
◦Weeks
◦Months
◦Years
This field appears only when Custom is selected from Frequency field.
Note: Updating the frequency applies the change to all filtered models, except those
where the frequency is modified at the model level.
9.Select Save.
Using Model Risk Management
Use the Model Risk Management to identify, assess, and mitigate risks related to the quantitative
models.
Request a new model
Request a new model in the Employee Center to initiate the model intake process and capture all
required details for review and approval.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_owner or sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employee
Any employee [sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employee] can request a model, when the Employee User
application is installed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center landing page, select Risk and compliance.
3. Select the New Model Intake card.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the New Model Intake form, see New Model Intake form.
5. Select Submit.
A new model record is created and submitted to the Model Governance team to review.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| What is the name of the model? | Unique name of the model that reflects its purpose and functionality. For example, VaR- Cashflow Forecasting Model. |
| Can you provide a brief description of the model's functionality? | Brief summary explaining what the model does and how it functions. For example, This model calculates market risk exposure using pricing models, value at risk, and projected cash flows based on market data inputs. |
| What is the purpose of this model? | Specific business objective or problem the model is designed to address. |
| Who is the model owner? | Individual accountable for the model’s oversight and performance. |
| Who is the model developer? | Individual responsible for designing and building the model. |
| What type of model is this? | Classification of the model, such as statistical, machine learning, or rule-based. The options are as follows: •Statistical Model •AI Model |
| Is this model sourced from a third-party provider? | Option to indicate whether the model has been obtained from an external vendor or service provider. |
| What category does the model fall under? | Internal classification based on the model’s use case. The options are as follows: •Retail: Models designed for individual customer products or services, such as personal loans, credit cards, or consumer risk assessment. •Corporate: Models used for business or institutional clients, typically involving larger exposures or complex financial products. |

| model calculates market risk |
| --- |
| exposure using pricing models, |
| value at risk, and projected |
| cash flows based on market data |
| inputs. |

New Model Intake form
Use the New Model Intake form to request a new model by providing details such as the purpose,
owner, model complexity, and expected outputs.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
New Model Intake form
Field Description
What is the name of the model? Unique name of the model that reflects its
purpose and functionality. For example, VaR-
Cashflow Forecasting Model.
Can you provide a brief description of the Brief summary explaining what the model
model's functionality? does and how it functions. For example, This
model calculates market risk
exposure using pricing models,
value at risk, and projected
cash flows based on market data
inputs.
What is the purpose of this model? Specific business objective or problem the
model is designed to address.
Who is the model owner? Individual accountable for the model’s
oversight and performance.
Who is the model developer? Individual responsible for designing and
building the model.
What type of model is this? Classification of the model, such as statistical,
machine learning, or rule-based. The options
are as follows:
•Statistical Model
•AI Model
Is this model sourced from a third-party Option to indicate whether the model has been
provider? obtained from an external vendor or service
provider.
What category does the model fall under? Internal classification based on the model’s
use case. The options are as follows:
•Retail: Models designed for individual
customer products or services, such as
personal loans, credit cards, or consumer
risk assessment.
•Corporate: Models used for business or
institutional clients, typically involving larger
exposures or complex financial products.
What data will be used as inputs for this Details about the data sources or datasets the
model? model uses.