### Initiate a model risk assessment

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| What is the expected output of the model? | Result or prediction generated by the model based on input data. For example, Value at Risk (VaR) or projected cash flows. |
| What is the anticipated level of model complexity? | Estimated level of model complexity. The options are as follows: •Simple •Moderate •Complex |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name of the model that reflects its purpose and functionality. The field value is auto-populated from the model intake form entry. You can edit the name as required. |
| Description | Brief summary explaining what the model does and how it functions. The field value is auto-populated from the model intake form entry. You can edit the description as required. |
| Purpose | Specific business objective or problem that the model is designed to address. The field value is auto-populated from the model intake form entry. You can edit the purpose as required. |
| Active | Option to indicate whether the model is in use. |

New Model Intake form (continued)
Field Description
What is the expected output of the model? Result or prediction generated by the model
based on input data. For example, Value at Risk
(VaR) or projected cash flows.
What is the anticipated level of model Estimated level of model complexity. The
complexity? options are as follows:
•Simple
•Moderate
•Complex
Note: The fields shown in the intake form are sample basic fields. You can configure
additional fields and update choice values as needed to meet your specific requirements.
Initiate a model risk assessment
Initiate a model risk assessment by verifying the details, assigning stakeholders, and create an
assessment using the Model Risk Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance or
sn_model_risk_mgmt.risk_coordinator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Model Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon .
3. From the list, navigate to Models > Initiation.
4.Select the model.
5. On the Details card, review and modify the field values copied from the model intake form.
Details card
Field Description
Name Unique name of the model that reflects its purpose and functionality. The field
value is auto-populated from the model intake form entry. You can edit the
name as required.
Description Brief summary explaining what the model does and how it functions. The field
value is auto-populated from the model intake form entry. You can edit the
description as required.
Purpose Specific business objective or problem that the model is designed to address.
The field value is auto-populated from the model intake form entry. You can
edit the purpose as required.
Active Option to indicate whether the model is in use.
Model Identification of whether the item qualifies as a model or not. The options are
classification as follows:

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Model: Meets the criteria to be treated as a model. ◦Non Model: Doesn’t meet the criteria for classification as a model. |
| Model type | Classification of the model, such as statistical, machine learning, or rule- based. The options are as follows: ◦Statistical Model ◦AI Model |
| Third party model | Option to indicate whether the model has been obtained from an external vendor or service provider. |
| Model category | Internal classification based on the model’s use case. The options are as follows: ◦Retail: Models designed for individual customer products or services, such as personal loans, credit cards, or consumer risk assessment. ◦Corporate: Models used for business or institutional clients, typically involving larger exposures or complex financial products. |
| Model complexity | Estimated level of model complexity. The options are as follows: ◦Simple ◦Moderate ◦Complex |
| Input data | Details about the data sources or datasets the model uses. |
| Output data | The result or prediction generated by the model based on input data. For example, Value at Risk (VaR) or projected cash flows. |
| Attachments | Option to attach any supporting files or documents. |

Field Description
◦Model: Meets the criteria to be treated as a model.
◦Non Model: Doesn’t meet the criteria for classification as a model.
Model type Classification of the model, such as statistical, machine learning, or rule-
based. The options are as follows:
◦Statistical Model
◦AI Model
Third party Option to indicate whether the model has been obtained from an external
model vendor or service provider.
Model Internal classification based on the model’s use case. The options are as
category follows:
◦Retail: Models designed for individual customer products or services, such
as personal loans, credit cards, or consumer risk assessment.
◦Corporate: Models used for business or institutional clients, typically
involving larger exposures or complex financial products.
Model Estimated level of model complexity. The options are as follows:
complexity
◦Simple
◦Moderate
◦Complex
Input data Details about the data sources or datasets the model uses.
Output data The result or prediction generated by the model based on input data. For
example, Value at Risk (VaR) or projected cash flows.
Attachments Option to attach any supporting files or documents.
6.Optional: To save the information entered in Details card, select the Save button next to the
Mark as complete button.
7.Select Mark as complete.
The Stakeholders stage in the Model Workflow playbook opens.
8.Select Edit to define the Persona, Group, and Users.
Note: The Users field is auto-populated with the model owner and model developer
defined in the model intake form. A user with the Model Risk Governance or Model Risk
Coordinator roles can edit stakeholders at any point in the workflow.
9.Select Mark as complete to move to the Assessment stage.
Note: If you update the model owner in the stakeholder list, the model record continues
to display the name of the user who submitted the model request as Owner. However, all
ongoing activities are assigned to the new model owner selected in the stakeholder list.
10.Select Create assessment.
11. On the Model Risk Assessment dialog, fill in the fields.