### Create assessment in the Pre-deployment stage

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name for the issue. For example, Model accuracy deviation. |
| Description | Detailed information about the issue, including the context, observed behavior, and any relevant details. |
| Recommendation | Suggested action or solution to address the issue. |
| Priority | Importance level of the issue to help determine the order in which it should be resolved. |
| Assigned to | Individual responsible for resolving the issue. |
| Issue source | Origin or source from which the issue was identified. This field is automatically set to Model Risk. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assessment template | Predefined template that outlines the structure, questions, and scoring logic for the assessment. This field is auto-populated with the default assessment template with category as Model Risk. |
| Assessment assignee | Individual assigned to complete the assessment task. This field is auto- populated with the model owner’s name. You can select only those users who are specified as stakeholders. |
| Due date | Date by which the assessment task must be completed. |

Create an issue
Field Description
Name Unique name for the issue. For example, Model accuracy
deviation.
Description Detailed information about the issue, including the context, observed
behavior, and any relevant details.
Recommendation Suggested action or solution to address the issue.
Priority Importance level of the issue to help determine the order in which it should
be resolved.
Assigned to Individual responsible for resolving the issue.
Issue source Origin or source from which the issue was identified. This field is
automatically set to Model Risk.
Create assessment in the Pre-deployment stage
Create a model risk assessment by verifying the details, assigning stakeholders, and create an
assessment using the Model Risk Management application in the Pre-deployment stage.
Before you begin
Role required: Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance
The Model Risk Coordinator [sn_model_risk_mgmt.risk_coordinator] can also create
assessments when they are designated as a stakeholder.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Model Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon .
3. From the list, navigate to Models > Pre-deployment.
4.Select the model for which you want to create an assessment task.
5. In the Pre-deployment state, select Create assessment.
6.On the Model risk task dialog, fill in the fields.
Model risk task
Field Description
Assessment Predefined template that outlines the structure, questions, and scoring logic
template for the assessment. This field is auto-populated with the default assessment
template with category as Model Risk.
Assessment Individual assigned to complete the assessment task. This field is auto-
assignee populated with the model owner’s name. You can select only those users who
are specified as stakeholders.
Due date Date by which the assessment task must be completed.
7.Select Create.