### Override model ratings

You can view only those users in the Assignee field who are included in the stakeholder list of
the model record.
7.Select Reassign model task.
Copy assessment responses
Enable the option to copy responses from the most recent completed assessment into new
assessments. Respondents can review and edit the pre-filled responses before submission to
save time and ensure consistency.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance or
sn_model_risk_mgmt.risk_coordinator
About this task
This task guides you on how to enable or disable the option to copy responses from previous
assessment tasks for a model risk. Model risk governance and model risk coordinators can
modify this field at any stage of the model risk life-cycle. When enabled, responses from the
most recent completed assessment are copied into new assessment tasks.
Note: You can copy responses only from assessment tasks, not from validation tasks.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Model Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon .
3. From the list, navigate to Models > All.
4.Select the model and go to the Details tab.
5. In the Pre-fill assessment responses, select Copy responses from previous assessment.
When enabled, new assessments copy responses from the most recently completed
assessment, if available. Respondent can edit the pre-filled responses before submitting.
Override model ratings
Override the risk rating and materiality tier of a model manually at any stages of its life-cycle. This
helps maintain data accuracy, transparency, and governance when business context or expert
judgment requires adjustments to system-calculated values.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance or
sn_model_risk_mgmt.risk_coordinator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Model Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon .
3. From the list, navigate to Models > All.
4.Select the model and go to the Details tab.
5. In the Risk & materiality section, select the override icon on the Risk rating field.
6.On the Override risk rating dialog, fill in the fields.