### Roles installed with Model Risk Management

| Notification configurations | Event | Recipients |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Validation checklist reopened | A validation task is reopened. | Assigned validator |
| Assessment task reopened | An assessment task is reopened. | Assessment assignee |
| Assessment task assignment | An assessment task is assigned to an assessor for assessment. | Assessment assignee |
| Validation checklist cancelled | A validation task is canceled. | Assigned validator |
| Notify model owner for new model | A model is created. | Model owner |
| New model submission | A model is submitted for review. | Model Risk Governance team |

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| MRM Admin [sn_model_risk_mgmt.admin] | The MRM (Model Risk Management) admin can perform the following tasks: •Configure approval configurations for Model Risk Management. •Create Model Risk Management scoring configurations. •Create or modify assessment templates that belong to Model Risk Management category from the Model Risk Workspace. | •sn_grc_appr.admin •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_ •sn_smart_asmt.template_ma |

Model Risk Management notifications (continued)
Notification
Event Recipients
configurations
Validation checklist A validation task is reopened. Assigned validator
reopened
Assessment task An assessment task is reopened. Assessment assignee
reopened
Assessment task An assessment task is assigned to an Assessment assignee
assignment assessor for assessment.
Validation checklist A validation task is canceled. Assigned validator
cancelled
Notify model owner for A model is created. Model owner
new model
New model A model is submitted for review. Model Risk
submission Governance team
Roles installed with Model Risk Management
The Model Risk Management application installs the essential roles to perform respective day-
to-day operational tasks for managing models.
Roles and their descriptions
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
The MRM (Model Risk
•sn_grc_appr.admin
MRM Admin Management) admin can
perform the following tasks: •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_risk_reader
[sn_model_risk_mgmt.admin]
•Configure approval •sn_smart_asmt.template_manager
configurations for Model
Risk Management.
•Create Model Risk
Management scoring
configurations.
•Create or modify
assessment templates
that belong to Model Risk
Management category from
the Model Risk Workspace.
User with Model Risk
•sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_risk_create
Model Risk Governance Governance role can perform
the following tasks: •sn_smart_asmt.template_manager
[sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_governance]
•sn_grc_advanced.evidence_admin
•sn_grc_appr.admin

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | •Configure approval configurations for Model Risk Management. •Access the Model Risk Workspace. •Perform end to end workflow tasks for all the submitted models. •Create or modify assessment templates that belong to Model Risk Management category from the Model Risk Workspace. | •sn_grc.reader •sn_grc.business_user •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_ |
| Model Risk Coordinator [sn_model_risk_mgmt.risk_coo | Model Risk Coordinator can perform the following tasks: rd•inAactcoer]ss the Model Risk Workspace. •Access model intakes and tasks, and perform actions as needed where the user is assigned as a stakeholder. •Perform and modify model risk and model risk tasks where the user is assigned as a stakeholder. | •sn_grc.business_user •sn_grc_advanced.evidence_a •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_ •sn_grc.reader |
| Model Validator [sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_v | Model validator can perform the following tasks: al•idAactocre]ss the Model Risk Workspace. •Perform a smart assessment of models that are assigned to them from the Model Risk Workspace and GRC task page. •View the model risks where the user is assigned as a stakeholder. •Perform and modify model risk tasks where the user is assigned as a stakeholder. | •sn_grc.business_user •sn_grc_advanced.evidence_a •sn_smart_asmt.actor •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_ •sn_grc.reader |

Roles and their descriptions (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
•Configure approval •sn_grc.reader
configurations for Model
•sn_grc.business_user
Risk Management.
•sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_risk_delete
•Access the Model Risk
Workspace.
•Perform end to end
workflow tasks for all the
submitted models.
•Create or modify
assessment templates
that belong to Model Risk
Management category from
the Model Risk Workspace.
Model Risk Coordinator can
•sn_grc.business_user
Model Risk Coordinator perform the following tasks:
•sn_grc_advanced.evidence_admin
[sn_model_risk_mgmt.risk_coord•inAactcoer]ss the Model Risk
Workspace. •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_risk_reader
•Access model intakes and •sn_grc.reader
tasks, and perform actions
as needed where the user is
assigned as a stakeholder.
•Perform and modify model
risk and model risk tasks
where the user is assigned
as a stakeholder.
Model validator can perform
•sn_grc.business_user
Model Validator the following tasks:
•sn_grc_advanced.evidence_admin
[sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_val•idAactocre]ss the Model Risk
Workspace. •sn_smart_asmt.actor
•Perform a smart assessment •sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_risk_reader
of models that are assigned
•sn_grc.reader
to them from the Model Risk
Workspace and GRC task
page.
•View the model risks where
the user is assigned as a
stakeholder.
•Perform and modify model
risk tasks where the user is
assigned as a stakeholder.
Model Executive Reader can
•sn_model_risk_mgmt.model_risk_reader
Model Executive Reader perform the following tasks:
•sn_grc_advanced.evidence_reader