### Components installed with Advanced Risk

*Pages 434–439*

Components installed with Advanced Risk
Activating the GRC: Advanced Risk (sn_risk_advanced) plugin adds or modifies several tables,
user roles, and other components. The Advanced Risk plugin enables you to perform advanced
risk assessments and manage risk events.
Note: The Application Files table lists the components that are installed with this
application. For instructions on how to access this table, see Find components installed
with an application .
Note: Demo data is available for this feature.
Tables installed with Advanced Risk
Tables are added with activation of GRC: Advanced Risk.
Table Description
Risk Event Task Track the mitigation tasks associated with the risk
event reported.
[sn_risk_advanced_mitigation]
Aggregated Risk Report Create this definition where the customer
can choose entities and associate some risk
[sn_risk_advanced_risk_report_definition] statements with these entities to report aggregated
risk scores.
Risk Report Based on the aggregated risk report definition,
a record for each combination of entity and risk
[sn_risk_advanced_risk_report] statement is created. The tolerance status and
calculated score is also displayed.
Event Entry Impact entries for the risk event to be added by the
Risk Manager during the Analyze state.
[sn_risk_advanced_event_impact]
Risk Event to Risk Each risk event can be associated to applicable
risks. This table enables tracking the risk event to
[sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_risk] risk relationships.
Risk Event Tracks the loss or gain events reported by different
users.
[sn_risk_advanced_event]
Associated Risk Events A risk event can be linked to multiple other risk
events. This table contains those associations.
[sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_event]
Risk Event to Entity A Risk Manager can relate multiple entities that are
impacted by the risk event. This table tracks the
[sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_profile] impacted entities linked to the risk event.
Risk Event to Control A Risk Manager can relate multiple controls related
to the entities that are linked to the risk event. This
[sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_control] table tracks the impacted entities linked to the risk
event.
Risk Event to Citation A risk manager can relate risk events to regulatory
obligations and citations. This association
[sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_citation]
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2832
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| with an application |  |
| --- | --- |

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Risk Event Task [sn_risk_advanced_mitigation] | Track the mitigation tasks associated with the risk event reported. |
| Aggregated Risk Report [sn_risk_advanced_risk_report_definition] | Create this definition where the customer can choose entities and associate some risk statements with these entities to report aggregated risk scores. |
| Risk Report [sn_risk_advanced_risk_report] | Based on the aggregated risk report definition, a record for each combination of entity and risk statement is created. The tolerance status and calculated score is also displayed. |
| Event Entry [sn_risk_advanced_event_impact] | Impact entries for the risk event to be added by the Risk Manager during the Analyze state. |
| Risk Event to Risk [sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_risk] | Each risk event can be associated to applicable risks. This table enables tracking the risk event to risk relationships. |
| Risk Event [sn_risk_advanced_event] | Tracks the loss or gain events reported by different users. |
| Associated Risk Events [sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_event] | A risk event can be linked to multiple other risk events. This table contains those associations. |
| Risk Event to Entity [sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_profile] | A Risk Manager can relate multiple entities that are impacted by the risk event. This table tracks the impacted entities linked to the risk event. |
| Risk Event to Control [sn_risk_advanced_m2m_event_control] | A Risk Manager can relate multiple controls related to the entities that are linked to the risk event. This table tracks the impacted entities linked to the risk event. |

Table Description
facilitates breach reporting and compliance with
regulations.
Note: All additional tables installed by the dependent plugins are also needed for GRC:
Advanced Risk.
Roles for performing advanced risk assessment
When you integrate advanced risk assessment with other applications, you must ensure the
users have the necessary roles to perform and approve the assessments.
Starting with version 14.1.2, several new roles have been introduced to enable users of other
applications to successfully use the advanced risk assessments feature. These independent
roles have been created to provide the users the required ability to perform advanced risk
assessment without requiring the Integrated Risk Management specific roles such as Risk
Admin, GRC Business User.
Note: You must manually assign the advanced risk assessment roles to the
sn_grc.business_user role. To understand how you can adjust granting of roles and groups,
see the How to adjust granting of roles and groups to use background jobs [KB0963693]
article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. To understand more about the GRC business
user role, see the GRC Business User [KB0864247] article in the Now Support Knowledge
Base article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. You must log in to Now Support to view
the article.
Roles installed
Role title [name] Contained under Description Contains roles
sn_risk_advanced.ara_adminsn_risk.admin Users with this role
•sn_risk_advanced.ara_creator
can:
•sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
•Create risk
assessment •sn_risk_advanced.ara_approver
methodologies
•sn_risk_advanced.ara_reader
•Create and
manage factors
sn_risk_advanced.ara_creatosrn_risk.user Users with this role sn_risk_advanced.ara_reader
can create object
assessments.
sn_risk_advanced.ara_assesssonr_grc.business.user Users with role can: sn_risk_advanced.ara_reader
•Take assessments
•Perform
assessment
related actions
such as taking the
assessment and
responding to or
reassigning the
assessment
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2833
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | facilitates breach reporting and compliance with regulations. |

| How to adjust granting of roles and groups to use background jobs [KB0963693] |  |
| --- | --- |

| GRC Business User [KB0864247] |  |
| --- | --- |

| Role title [name] | Contained under | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| sn_risk_advanced.ara_admi | nsn_risk.admin | Users with this role can: •Create risk assessment methodologies •Create and manage factors | •sn_risk_advanced.a •sn_risk_advanced.a •sn_risk_advanced.a •sn_risk_advanced.a |
| sn_risk_advanced.ara_creat | osrn_risk.user | Users with this role can create object assessments. | sn_risk_advanced.ara |
| sn_risk_advanced.ara_asse | sssonr_grc.business.user | Users with role can: •Take assessments •Perform assessment related actions such as taking the assessment and responding to or reassigning the assessment | sn_risk_advanced.ara |

Roles installed (continued)
Role title [name] Contained under Description Contains roles
sn_risk_advanced.ara_approvsenr_grc.business.user Users with role can sn_risk_advanced.ara_reader
perform assessment
related actions such
as approving the
assessment.
sn_risk_advanced.ara_readersn_risk.reader Users with role
can read all the
information on a
risk assessment
instance. Users with
this role have read
access to all tables
within advanced risk
assessment. If there
are users who only
need to have access
to reports, they can
use this role.
sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite_readerUsers can view
sn_risk.user the qualitative risk
appetite fields.
sn_risk.reader
sn_risk_advanced.quantitativsen__rirsiskk_.aupspeertite_readeUrsers can view the
quantitative risk
appetite fields.
Properties installed with Advanced Risk
Properties are added with activation of GRC: Advanced Risk. There are also properties that are
available for the various capabilities such as risk events and advanced risk assessments.
Properties for Advanced Risk
All the properties for Advanced Risk, are listed on the System Properties page. To access the
System Properties page, in the filter navigator, type sys_properties.list.
Advanced risk plugin properties
Property Description
Maximum number of levels for risk hierarchy
[sn_risk_advanced.risk_hierarchy_max_levels] Set the maximum number of levels
of risk hierarchy.
•Type: Integer
•Default value: 5
Configure risk rating Compare calculated risk
score with either of choices
[sn_risk_advanced.risk_rating_config] Maximum calculated ALE,
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2834
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Contained under | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| sn_risk_advanced.ara_appr | ovsenr_grc.business.user | Users with role can perform assessment related actions such as approving the assessment. | sn_risk_advanced.ara |
| sn_risk_advanced.ara_read | ersn_risk.reader | Users with role can read all the information on a risk assessment instance. Users with this role have read access to all tables within advanced risk assessment. If there are users who only need to have access to reports, they can use this role. |  |
| sn_risk_advanced.qualitativ | e_risk_appetite_reade sn_risk.user sn_risk.reader | rUsers can view the qualitative risk appetite fields. |  |
| sn_risk_advanced.quantitati | vsen__rirsiskk_.aupspeertite_read | eUrsers can view the quantitative risk appetite fields. |  |

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Maximum number of levels for risk hierarchy [sn_risk_advanced.risk_hierarchy_max_levels] | Set the maximum number of levels of risk hierarchy. •Type: Integer •Default value: 5 |

Advanced risk plugin properties (continued)
Property Description
Minimum calculated ALE, Average
calculated ALE.
•Type: choice list
•Default value: avg
Note: This property works
with classic risk scoring.
Compare risk tolerance Compare risk tolerance based
on either of the choice Average,
[sn_risk_advanced.risk_tolerance] Maximum, Minimum, Sum.
•Type: choice list
•Default value: sum
Enable the GRC enterprise risk licensing features This property enables the GRC
[sn_risk_advanced.enable_irm_advanced_risk_enterprise] enterprise risk licensing features.
•Type: true or false
•Default value: false
Properties for Risk Events
To access the risk event properties, navigate to All > Risk Events > Administration > Properties.
Risk event properties
Property Description
Machine learning solution for predicting similar risk events Solution definition for
[ml_sn_sn_grc_pred_intel_global_similar_risk_events] predicting similar risk
events.
Show Basel attributes and reports Set this property to true
[sn_risk_advanced.show_basel_attr_reports] if you want to enable the
Basel categorization of risk
events. This property is
useful for customers in the
banking domain.
•Type: True or false
•Default value: false
Define risk event currency conversion configuration Property to define currency
[sn_risk_advanced.risk_event_currency_conversion_date_config] conversion dates for the
risk event entries. You can
select specific dates for
currency conversion rather
than relying solely on the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2835
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Minimum calculated ALE, Average calculated ALE. •Type: choice list •Default value: avg Note: This property works with classic risk scoring. |
| Compare risk tolerance [sn_risk_advanced.risk_tolerance] | Compare risk tolerance based on either of the choice Average, Maximum, Minimum, Sum. •Type: choice list •Default value: sum |
| Enable the GRC enterprise risk licensing features [sn_risk_advanced.enable_irm_advanced_risk_enterprise] | This property enables the GRC enterprise risk licensing features. •Type: true or false •Default value: false |

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Machine learning solution for predicting similar risk events [ml_sn_sn_grc_pred_intel_global_similar_risk_events] | Solution definition for predicting similar risk events. |
| Show Basel attributes and reports [sn_risk_advanced.show_basel_attr_reports] | Set this property to true if you want to enable the Basel categorization of risk events. This property is useful for customers in the banking domain. •Type: True or false •Default value: false |

Risk event properties (continued)
Property Description
date of impact to calculate
the net loss. The options
are as follows:
•Risk event entry date
•First loss entry date
•Last loss entry date
•First recovery entry date
•Last recovery entry date
•Custom date
Note: You can also
override the defined
currency conversion
dates in the risk
response template
configuration. These
changes apply to both
new and ongoing risk
event workflows.
Make risk event to risk relationship mandatory Set this property to true
[sn_risk_advanced.make_riskevent_to_risk_relation_mandatory] if you want to ensure
that each risk event has
corresponding risks.
•Type: True or false
•Default value: false
No. of days for Rapid Recovery Classification Customize the number of
[sn_risk_advanced.no_of_days_for_rapid_recovery_classification] days that users can set
as their rapid recovery
threshold.
•Type: Integer
•Default value: 5
Show ORX External events [sn_risk_advanced.show_orx_events]
Users can choose to see
the ORX External Events.
ORX provides a platform
for the secure exchange
of high-quality operational
risk loss data from around
the world. This property is
useful for customers in the
banking domain.
Customers import the ORX
information as shared by
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2836
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | date of impact to calculate the net loss. The options are as follows: •Risk event entry date •First loss entry date •Last loss entry date •First recovery entry date •Last recovery entry date •Custom date Note: You can also override the defined currency conversion dates in the risk response template configuration. These changes apply to both new and ongoing risk event workflows. |
| Make risk event to risk relationship mandatory [sn_risk_advanced.make_riskevent_to_risk_relation_mandatory] | Set this property to true if you want to ensure that each risk event has corresponding risks. •Type: True or false •Default value: false |
| No. of days for Rapid Recovery Classification [sn_risk_advanced.no_of_days_for_rapid_recovery_classification] | Customize the number of days that users can set as their rapid recovery threshold. •Type: Integer •Default value: 5 |

Risk event properties (continued)
Property Description
the ORX organization. This
information can be related
to risk statement or control
objectives. This information
can be modified by users.
•Type: True or false
•Default value: false
How many years of risk event data to be shown on the report
[sn_risk_advanced.number_of_years_report_data] Select how many years of
risk event data must be
shown on the report.
•Type: Integer
•Default value: 2
Note: This property
is visible on the
System Properties
page.
Properties for advanced risk assessment
To access the advanced risk assessment properties, navigate to All > Advanced Risk
Assessments > Administration > Properties.
Properties for Advanced Risk Assessment
Property Description
Migrate to Advanced Risk Assessments Migrate to Advanced Risk
[sn_risk_advanced.hide_risk_legacy_lifecycle] Assessments.
•Type: yes or no
•Default value: no
Enable Advanced Risk PPM Integration Perform project risk
[sn_risk_advanced.enable_advanced_risk_ppm_integration] assessments. Only users
with the it_pps_admin or sn_
risk.admin roles can enable this
property.
•Type: yes or no
•Default value: no
For more information, see
Configure Project Portfolio
Management and Advanced
Risk integration
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2837
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | the ORX organization. This information can be related to risk statement or control objectives. This information can be modified by users. •Type: True or false •Default value: false |
| How many years of risk event data to be shown on the report [sn_risk_advanced.number_of_years_report_data] | Select how many years of risk event data must be shown on the report. •Type: Integer •Default value: 2 Note: This property is visible on the System Properties page. |

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Migrate to Advanced Risk Assessments [sn_risk_advanced.hide_risk_legacy_lifecycle] | Migrate to Advanced Risk Assessments. •Type: yes or no •Default value: no |
