### Business process roles

*Pages 440–440*

Properties for Advanced Risk Assessment (continued)
Property Description
Note: This property is
only available when Project
Portfolio Management is
installed.
sn_risk_advanced.metric_approval Enables Risk administrators
to define either the simple
approval flow or the advanced
approval flow for all the metrics
and metric definitions.
Note: This property is
available only when the
sn_grc_appr plugin is
activated and must be
set while configuring the
Operational Sustainability
Management application.
The choices are as follows:
•Simple: By choosing this
option, the Approval section
will be enabled both on the
manual metric definition
form and within the metrics.
Using this section, you can
designate approvers directly
on the metric definition form.
•Advanced: When you choose
this option, the Approval
section will be unavailable on
the manual metric definition
form and the metric form.
Instead, approval can be
configured by setting the
approval conditions, tables,
and approvers in the GRC:
Approver Configurator
application. This application
also allows you to define
multiple levels of approvals.
For more information see,
Using Approver Configurator
for setting up approvals.
Business process roles
Various roles are available for business process users and managers.
The following table lists the roles that you must use for managing your business processes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2838
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: This property is only available when Project Portfolio Management is installed. | Note: This property is only available when Project Portfolio Management is installed. |
| sn_risk_advanced.metric_approval | Enables Risk administrators to define either the simple approval flow or the advanced approval flow for all the metrics and metric definitions. Note: This property is available only when the sn_grc_appr plugin is activated and must be set while configuring the Operational Sustainability Management application. The choices are as follows: •Simple: By choosing this option, the Approval section will be enabled both on the manual metric definition form and within the metrics. Using this section, you can designate approvers directly on the metric definition form. •Advanced: When you choose this option, the Approval section will be unavailable on the manual metric definition form and the metric form. Instead, approval can be configured by setting the approval conditions, tables, and approvers in the GRC: Approver Configurator application. This application also allows you to define multiple levels of approvals. For more information see, Using Approver Configurator for setting up approvals. |  |
