### Domain separation in Risk Management

*Pages 441–443*

Roles used for managing business processes
Role title Description
Business process administrator This role provides create, read, update,
and delete (CRUD) access to all records
business_process_admin and their relationships in the business
process. This role is assigned to users who are
administrators and have thorough information
and training on business processes. In the
context of GRC, users with the sn_grc.admin
role who manage GRC applications and their
setup automatically gain access to this role.
This access enables the GRC administrators
to administer business process and its records
similar to other GRC tables.
Business process manager This role is assigned to business process
managers who are usually specialists and
business_process_manager manage multiple business processes in
the organisation. They can create, read and
update any business process and manage
the relationship of business process with
other records. Such users generally work
with other employees and are experts
around business processes. In the context
of GRC, users with the sn_grc.manager role
automatically inherit this role that enables
them to manage the business processes for
the entire organization.
Business process user This role must be assigned to the respective
process owners who manage the business
business_process_user process that they own. With this role, they
can update the business processes that they
own and can also read any business process.
This role can also be provided to users who
are required to view the business processes
in the organization and understand them
better. In the context of GRC, users with the
sn_risk.user role are automatically assigned
this role as this role enables them to manage
the business processes they own as well as
read all business processes.
Domain separation in Risk Management
Domain separation is supported for Risk Management. Domain separation enables you to
separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logical groupings called domains. You
can control several aspects of this separation, including which users can see and access data.
Support level: Basic
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2839
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Business process administrator business_process_admin | This role provides create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) access to all records and their relationships in the business process. This role is assigned to users who are administrators and have thorough information and training on business processes. In the context of GRC, users with the sn_grc.admin role who manage GRC applications and their setup automatically gain access to this role. This access enables the GRC administrators to administer business process and its records similar to other GRC tables. |
| Business process manager business_process_manager | This role is assigned to business process managers who are usually specialists and manage multiple business processes in the organisation. They can create, read and update any business process and manage the relationship of business process with other records. Such users generally work with other employees and are experts around business processes. In the context of GRC, users with the sn_grc.manager role automatically inherit this role that enables them to manage the business processes for the entire organization. |
| Business process user business_process_user | This role must be assigned to the respective process owners who manage the business process that they own. With this role, they can update the business processes that they own and can also read any business process. This role can also be provided to users who are required to view the business processes in the organization and understand them better. In the context of GRC, users with the sn_risk.user role are automatically assigned this role as this role enables them to manage the business processes they own as well as read all business processes. |

•Business logic: Ensure that data goes into the proper domain for the application’s service
provider use cases.
•The application supports domain separation at run time. The domain separation includes
separation from the user interface, cache keys, reporting, rollups, and aggregations.
•The owner of the instance must set up the application to function across multiple tenants.
Sample use case: When a service provider (SP) uses chat to respond to a tenant-customer’s
message, the customer must be able to see the SP's response.
For more information on support levels, see Application support for domain separation .
Overview of domain separation
Domain separation is best for those customers who:
•Need to enforce absolute data segregation between business entities (data separation).
•Customize business process definitions and user interfaces for each domain (delegated
administration).
•Maintain some global processes and global reporting in a single instance.
These users can choose to expand or collapse the domain scope to show or hide data from
other domains.
Note: Users always have access to data from domains that have been explicitly granted to
them by domain visibility.
How domain separation works in GRC
•While GRC supports separation of data, separation of logic and process is not fully supported.
•Many types of records in GRC are automatically generated through user processes. Entities,
controls, risks, indicators, and control tests are all fields that can be generated automatically.
For records that are automatically generated, the domain of the record is determined by the
domain iterator configured for the job. Otherwise, it defaults to the default domain (if defined)
or to the Global domain. For records that are manually generated, the domain is derived from
the domain of the user creating the record.
Automatic generation should be kept in mind when working in a domain-separated GRC
implementation. Users should be sure that they are creating / generating records at the right
domain level so that they are visible to the right set of users.
For example, suppose you have domains that look like:
◦Global
◦TOP
▪Domain A
▪Domain B
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2840
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

•If you have a risk or control that you want to be assessed by users in domains A and B, the
risk or control should be generated or manually created at the global level. If the risk or control
is created in Domain B, you will not be able to recreate the risk or control in Domain A due to
indexing.
•If you have a risk or control that you want to be assessed by users in TOP and Domain A, you
can create the risk or control in Domain A.
Unless the risks and controls are in the Global domain, users should not assign risks or controls
in a higher domain to users in a lower domain. In the example above, if you have a control in the
TOP domain, you should not assign it for attestation to users in Domains A or B since those users
would not have access to the control; thus the attestation or assessment questionnaire would
not be generated.
Similarly, users should not assign control objectives and risk statements in a higher domain
to attestations and assessments in a lower domain. Otherwise the attestation or assessment
questionnaire would not be generated.
Use case
GRC data for IT can be separated from the GRC data of other departments. Each business
area using the GRC application can have separate data that cannot be shared with other
departments. Therefore each department can have its own entities, policies, controls, risks, and
so on.
When looking at a control from the IT domain, the user can choose to expand the domain scope
to show values from the Finance domain or collapse the domain scope to show only controls that
match the IT domain.
By default, domain separation adds a domain field to the Task [task]and Configuration Items
[cmdb_ci] tables and their extensions.
You can extend domain separation to any new tables you create by adding sys_domain and
sys_domain_path fields to the table's dictionary definition. By default, the system only
domain-separates platform and baseline application tables where appropriate.
Warning: ServiceNow does not recommend domain separating platform tables
(any table with the sys_ prefix such as the Dictionary Entry [sys_dictionary]and
Dictionary Entry Override [sys_dictionary_override] tables) because it can
produce unexpected results.
In this use case, client scripts, business rules, workflows, processes, and so on can be domain-
separated.
While the behavior offered with domain separation provides multi-tenancy support, multi-
tenancy is still contained within a single instance. This means that some global properties,
some global data, and some global processes are shared across all domains. For example,
the system’s “Remember me” option on the login page is global and cannot be specified per
domain.
If you need complete and total separation of all system properties and do not require global
reporting or global processes, separate instances are the best option.
How domain values are allocated to GRC objects
Records that are automatically generated, the domain of the record is determined by the domain
iterator configured for the job. The following table shows how domain values are allocated to
different GRC objects:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2841
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
