### Manage risk issues and remediation

*Pages 50–50*

•Manual: Manual indicators are used for data that cannot be retrieved from a ServiceNow
instance because it comes from an external system, such as customer data from a third-party
sales system.
•Basic: Basic indicators are automated indicators based on an indicator source. The indicator
source specifies a table and a frequency at which the scores from this table are saved.
•Scripted: Scripted indicators use a custom script to collect the data.
The GRC indicator nightly run job executes the indicators. When an indicator is
run, you have the option to collect supporting data. Supporting data refers to the evidence that
is collected when an indicator is run. Supporting data or information can be collected for the
indicators through automatic data collection or manual tasks.
Indicators yield results when the indicator tasks are closed. Those results are then used to create
issues for controls, update risk scores, and provide supporting information for audit activities
and control testing. Starting with version 10.1, the system displays the actual historical data for
the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks. For more information on
how to create the various types of indicators, see:
•Create and run a manual risk indicator in the Risk Workspace
•Create and run a basic risk indicator in the Risk Workspace
•Create and run a scripted risk indicator in the Risk Workspace
Indicator templates
Indicator templates enable you to create multiple indicators for similar controls or risks. You can
either use an indicator template to create indicators or you can create independent indicators.
Even if you use an indicator template to create an indicator, you can modify or override the
details of the indicators.
Manage risk issues and remediation
Issues can be created manually to document audit observations or remediations, or to accept
any problems. They are automatically generated from indicator results, attestation results, or
control test effectiveness.
Various types of issues are created under the following conditions:
Issue
Created when an indicator fails
Control issue
Created when a control attestation is completed indicating that the control is Not
implemented
Control test issue
Created when a control test is closed complete with the control effectiveness set to
Ineffective
Other issue
Created by the user manually
Remediating an issue marks an intention to fix the underlying issue causing the control failure or
risk exposure. Accepting an issue marks an intention to create an exception for a known control
failure or risk. Controls that are Accepted remain in a non-compliant state until the control is
reassessed. In this way, the issue can be used to document observations during audits.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2448
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
