### Risk Management detailed setup

*Pages 56–59*

Item Checklist
Risk managers must define the risk statement
hierarchy and associate child risk statements
to parent to create a risk hierarchy. For details,
see Define risk statement hierarchy
Risk rollups are critical to display the accurate
risk ratings. Risk administrators can define
the rollups and hierarchy. For details, see Risk
score rollup in Advanced Risk Assessment
Risk events are potential or actual financial
and non-financial losses, near misses, and
gains that occur within an organization. Risk
administrators can integrate risk events with
other applications to facilitate reporting of risk
events. For details, see Manage risk events
With GRC Advanced Risk Assessment, create
an integrated risk platform. Risk administrators
can configure detailed risk assessment
options. For details, see Advanced Risk
Assessment
Download Advanced Risk
Before you run Advanced Risk in your instance, you must download it from the ServiceNow Store.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
GRC Risk Advanced provides access to the following features:
•Manage risk events
•Risk hierarchy and scoring
Procedure
Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time.
Risk Management detailed setup
Set up Risk Management so that you can use the features such as risk assessments, risk events,
and other capabilities of the GRC Risk Management application.
To setup Risk Management:
1.Download Risk Management: Before you run GRC: Risk Management (com.sn_risk) in your
instance, you must download it from the ServiceNow Store.
2. Download Advanced Risk: Before you run Advanced Risk in your instance, you must download
it from the ServiceNow Store.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2454
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Checklist |
| --- | --- |
|  | Risk managers must define the risk statement hierarchy and associate child risk statements to parent to create a risk hierarchy. For details, see Define risk statement hierarchy |
|  | Risk rollups are critical to display the accurate risk ratings. Risk administrators can define the rollups and hierarchy. For details, see Risk score rollup in Advanced Risk Assessment |
|  | Risk events are potential or actual financial and non-financial losses, near misses, and gains that occur within an organization. Risk administrators can integrate risk events with other applications to facilitate reporting of risk events. For details, see Manage risk events |
|  | With GRC Advanced Risk Assessment, create an integrated risk platform. Risk administrators can configure detailed risk assessment options. For details, see Advanced Risk Assessment |

3. Mobile experience for GRC Risk Management: As a risk manager, use your Android or iOS
mobile device to manage your work.
4.Quick start tests for Risk Management: Validate that Risk Management still works after you
make any configuration change, such as apply an upgrade or develop an application. Copy
and customize these quick start tests to pass when using your instance-specific data.
Quick start tests for GRC Advanced Risk
Validate that Advanced Risk still works after you make any configuration change, such as apply
an upgrade or develop an application. Copy and customize these quick start tests to pass when
using your instance-specific data.
GRC Advanced Risk
GRC: Advanced Risk quick start tests require activating the GRC: Advanced Risk plugin
(com.sn_risk_advanced) and loading the demo data.
GRC: Advanced Risk test suite
Test Description Release version
GRC: Create a Risk Event Validates the creation of risk New York
events.
GRC: Create Risk Statement Validates if the risk statement New York
Hierarchy has a parent field so that the
hierarchy can be maintained
among risk statements
GRC: Reject a Risk Event Validates the rejection New York
functionality the risk event
GRC: Request more info - Risk Validates the Request more New York
Event information functionality
before approving the risk
event
GRC: Create risk assessment Creates different types Orlando
scope of factors like manual
factors, query factors,
and automated scripted
factor. It creates a Risk
Assessment Methodology
and associates the factors
to the different assessment
types in the Risk Assessment
Methodology. It creates the
Risk Assessment scope
for the Risk Assessment
Methodology. that has been
set up.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2455
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GRC: Create a Risk Event | Validates the creation of risk events. | New York |
| GRC: Create Risk Statement Hierarchy | Validates if the risk statement has a parent field so that the hierarchy can be maintained among risk statements | New York |
| GRC: Reject a Risk Event | Validates the rejection functionality the risk event | New York |
| GRC: Request more info - Risk Event | Validates the Request more information functionality before approving the risk event | New York |

GRC: Advanced Risk test suite (continued)
Test Description Release version
Note: While running
ATF Tests, it is
recommended to
increase the test
runner timeout from
120 seconds to
approximately 240
seconds in the Test
Runner Properties.
To learn more about Advanced Risk, see Download Advanced Risk
Configure Risk Management
Administrators in the global domain can set properties to determine how the system defines the
Risk Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin
Note: Administrators in domains lower than the global domain can view the Properties
screen, but cannot modify the settings.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Administration > Properties.
2. Fill in the fields on the Risk Management Properties form.
See Properties installed with Risk Management for property descriptions.
3. Click Save.
Related topics
Properties installed with Risk Management
Risk Management Administration
Using the Risk Management application, administrators can customize risk categories, risk
criteria, risk management properties, and risk assessment types.
Risk criteria
Risk criteria are the scoring values attributed to the likelihood that a risk occurs, and the impact
to your organization if the risk does occur.
Risk criteria thresholds define a high/likely or low/unlikely score as shown:
Risk criteria thresholds
Likelihood Impact Scores
1 = Extremely Unlikely 1 = Very Low 0-5 = Very Low
2 = Unlikely 2 = Low 6-10 = Low
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2456
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: While running ATF Tests, it is recommended to increase the test runner timeout from 120 seconds to approximately 240 seconds in the Test Runner Properties. |  |

| Likelihood | Impact | Scores |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 = Extremely Unlikely | 1 = Very Low | 0-5 = Very Low |
| 2 = Unlikely | 2 = Low | 6-10 = Low |

Risk criteria thresholds (continued)
Likelihood Impact Scores
3 = Neutral 3 = Moderate 11-15 = Moderate
4 = Likely 4 = High 16-20 = High
5 = Extremely Likely 5 = Very High 21-25 = Very High
Risk properties
Name Description
A list of tables If this field is blank, all tables are available on the various forms for Entity
that are Types, Entities, and Risks. Defines a comma-separated list of tables that are
available in the available in the Applies to field on the Entity Type, Entity, and Risk form. Add
Applies to field .extended after the table name to include all extended tables.
on forms
Assessment types
Risk managers can create a new set of questions for each risk assessment. See Create an
assessment type.
Quick start tests for Risk Management
Validate that Risk Management still works after you make any configuration change, such as
apply an upgrade or develop an application. Copy and customize these quick start tests to pass
when using your instance-specific data.
GRC: Risk Management quick start tests require activating the Risk Management plugin
(com.sn_risk) and loading demo data.
GRC: Risk Management Quick Start Tests test suite
Test Description Release version
GRC: Create Profile Validate profile creation. Madrid
GRC: Create Risk Validates risk creation. Madrid
GRC: Create Control Validates control creation. New York
GRC: Create Control Validates control objective New York
Objective and Generate creation and associates
Controls profiles to generate controls.
GRC: Create Issue Validates issue creation New York
GRC: Accept an Issue Validates all the states of New York
an issue till it is closed by
accepting the issue.
GRC: Remediate an Issue Validates issue cannot be New York
closed be with an open
remediation task.
GRC: ATF Flow for Indicator Create an indicator template New York
(Manual): with type manual and
associate a control objective
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2457
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Likelihood | Impact | Scores |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 = Neutral | 3 = Moderate | 11-15 = Moderate |
| 4 = Likely | 4 = High | 16-20 = High |
| 5 = Extremely Likely | 5 = Very High | 21-25 = Very High |

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| A list of tables that are available in the Applies to field on forms | If this field is blank, all tables are available on the various forms for Entity Types, Entities, and Risks. Defines a comma-separated list of tables that are available in the Applies to field on the Entity Type, Entity, and Risk form. Add .extended after the table name to include all extended tables. |

| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GRC: Create Profile | Validate profile creation. | Madrid |
| GRC: Create Risk | Validates risk creation. | Madrid |
| GRC: Create Control | Validates control creation. | New York |
| GRC: Create Control Objective and Generate Controls | Validates control objective creation and associates profiles to generate controls. | New York |
| GRC: Create Issue | Validates issue creation | New York |
| GRC: Accept an Issue | Validates all the states of an issue till it is closed by accepting the issue. | New York |
| GRC: Remediate an Issue | Validates issue cannot be closed be with an open remediation task. | New York |
