### Set up checklist for the GRC Mobile application

*Pages 60–62*

GRC: Risk Management Quick Start Tests test suite (continued)
Test Description Release version
to it. Execute one of the
indicators thus formed. Mark
the state of the indicator task
created as closed and result
as failed. The associated
control will become non-
compliant and an issue will be
generated.
GRC: ATF flow for Indicator Create an indicator template New York
(Basic) with type basic and result as
failed. Associate a control
objective to it and give the
supporting data. Execute one
of the indicators thus formed.
The associated control will
become non- compliant and
an issue will be generated.
GRC: ATF flow for indicator Create an indicator template New York
(Script) with type script and enter a
script and set the value of
result.passed and result.value.
Associate a control objective
to it. Execute one of the
indicators. The associated
control will become non-
compliant and an issue will be
generated.
Related topics
Quick start tests
Set up checklist for the GRC Mobile application
The following checklist includes the set up tasks that you're required to complete in your
®
ServiceNow AI Platform instance and on your mobile device. Complete these set up tasks
before using the GRC Mobile application to view the Risk Management application on your
mobile device.
Before you begin
As an option, print this checklist and use it to guide you through the set up tasks that are required
for the GRC Mobile application. Verify that each item on the list is completed so that you can log
in to the GRC Mobile application and add a ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
Roles required: admin, sn_risk.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2458
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | to it. Execute one of the indicators thus formed. Mark the state of the indicator task created as closed and result as failed. The associated control will become non- compliant and an issue will be generated. |  |
| GRC: ATF flow for Indicator (Basic) | Create an indicator template with type basic and result as failed. Associate a control objective to it and give the supporting data. Execute one of the indicators thus formed. The associated control will become non- compliant and an issue will be generated. | New York |
| GRC: ATF flow for indicator (Script) | Create an indicator template with type script and enter a script and set the value of result.passed and result.value. Associate a control objective to it. Execute one of the indicators. The associated control will become non- compliant and an issue will be generated. | New York |

GRC Mobile application checklist
Item Description
As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC core
applications installed on a ServiceNow AI Platform instance. This is the
ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you view on your mobile device.
Note: The GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform
instance should be from the same family release.
1.To verify the GRC: Profile Dependencies core application is installed on
your instance, navigate to Plugins and search for GRC Profile.
2. If the GRC Profile core application is not already installed, click Install to
install it.
3. After the GRC Profile application is installed, install either the Policy and
Compliance Management core application, or the Risk Management core
application, or both the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk
Management applications. These are the two GRC applications that you
can view with the GRC Mobile application.
If not visible in your instance, all of the GRC core applications are available
from the ServiceNow Store.
For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing
the GRC core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
When you install the GRC core applications, the dependency
plugins for the GRC Mobile application, (com.glide.sg and
com.glide.sg.agent_native_client) are also automatically installed.
To verify that these dependency plugins are installed and activated:
1.Navigate to Plugins.
2. Search for the plugin IDs (com.glide.sg and
com.glide.sg.agent_native_client).
3. If they are not activated, activate these plugins.
As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC mobile app
installed on the ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to view on
your mobile device.
Note: The GRC mobile app and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance
should be from the same family release.
For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing
the GRC Mobile application, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
As a user with the admin role, in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance
verify that you have assigned mobile users with the required ServiceNow AI
Platform roles.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2459
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC core applications installed on a ServiceNow AI Platform instance. This is the ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you view on your mobile device. Note: The GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance should be from the same family release. 1.To verify the GRC: Profile Dependencies core application is installed on your instance, navigate to Plugins and search for GRC Profile. 2. If the GRC Profile core application is not already installed, click Install to install it. 3. After the GRC Profile application is installed, install either the Policy and Compliance Management core application, or the Risk Management core application, or both the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk Management applications. These are the two GRC applications that you can view with the GRC Mobile application. If not visible in your instance, all of the GRC core applications are available from the ServiceNow Store. For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store. When you install the GRC core applications, the dependency plugins for the GRC Mobile application, (com.glide.sg and com.glide.sg.agent_native_client) are also automatically installed. To verify that these dependency plugins are installed and activated: 1.Navigate to Plugins. 2. Search for the plugin IDs (com.glide.sg and com.glide.sg.agent_native_client). 3. If they are not activated, activate these plugins. |
|  | As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC mobile app installed on the ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to view on your mobile device. Note: The GRC mobile app and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance should be from the same family release. For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC Mobile application, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store. |

GRC Mobile application checklist (continued)
Item Description
1.To view the roles that are assigned to a user, navigate to Users and
Groups > Users.
2. Select the user name followed by the roles related list. All roles assigned
to this user are displayed.
3. Verify a user is assigned, or assign a user with the IT Infrastructure Library
role (itil). Users with the itil role can create, open, and update records.
Only users with the itil role can have tasks assigned to them.
4.Verify a user is assigned, or assign a user with the risk manager role
(sn_risk.manager). This role is automatically added when you assign the
itil role.
5. Verify you have created any required assignment groups and assigned
mobile users to these groups.
Note: If you have multiple users for the mobile application, you
alternatively can assign the sn_risk.manager role to a group. Each user
you add to the group inherits this role.
For more information on users and assigning roles to users and groups, see
Create a user .
As a mobile user with the sn_risk.manager role, verify that you have
®
installed the most current ServiceNow Agent application on your mobile
device.
The most current Agent app is available on the Apple iOS App Store and
the Google Play Store.
As a user with the sn_risk.manager role, verify notifications are enabled on
your mobile device and in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
Notifications inform you when critical pending approval requests are
assigned to you or to your assignment group. To assist you with timely
remediation, after you enable notifications, click on a notification in the
GRC Mobile application and navigate directly to the record.
To enable notifications in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance so they are
displayed on your mobile device, follow these steps.
1.Verify you have downloaded and installed the GRC Mobile application on
your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
2. In System Settings in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, under
Notifications, verify you have enabled the ServiceNow Mobile
Application.
For more information about setting notifications, see "User notification
preferences in Core UI" on the Setting notification preferences in Core
UI .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2460
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | 1.To view the roles that are assigned to a user, navigate to Users and Groups > Users. 2. Select the user name followed by the roles related list. All roles assigned to this user are displayed. 3. Verify a user is assigned, or assign a user with the IT Infrastructure Library role (itil). Users with the itil role can create, open, and update records. Only users with the itil role can have tasks assigned to them. 4.Verify a user is assigned, or assign a user with the risk manager role (sn_risk.manager). This role is automatically added when you assign the itil role. 5. Verify you have created any required assignment groups and assigned mobile users to these groups. Note: If you have multiple users for the mobile application, you alternatively can assign the sn_risk.manager role to a group. Each user you add to the group inherits this role. For more information on users and assigning roles to users and groups, see Create a user . |
|  | As a mobile user with the sn_risk.manager role, verify that you have ® installed the most current ServiceNow Agent application on your mobile device. The most current Agent app is available on the Apple iOS App Store and the Google Play Store. |
