### Risk appetite setup

*Pages 63–66*

GRC Mobile application checklist (continued)
Item Description
ServiceNow AI Platform notifications are also displayed on the messages
screen on your mobile device. Verify that notifications are also enabled in
the settings of your mobile device.
You have successfully set up your mobile device and the ServiceNow AI Platform for the GRC
Mobile application. The next step is to log in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance with the
ServiceNow Agent app on your mobile device.
Risk appetite setup
You can configure the risk appetite feature in the Advanced Risk application.
Follow the order of the tasks to configure the risk appetite feature in the Advanced Risk
application.
Configure a risk appetite and tolerance in Advanced Risk
Set up the advanced risk assessment properties so that you can configure and customize the
risk appetite and tolerance in the Advanced Risk application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Advanced Risk Assessment > Administration > Properties.
2. Set the property values that are described in the following table.
Advanced risk assessment properties
Property Description
Migrate to Advanced Risk Assessments Option to migrate to the advanced risk
assessments. Select Yes to use the risk
sn_risk_advanced.hide_risk_legacy_lifecycle appetite feature.
Define risk appetite as Option to select the risk appetite type:
sn_risk_advanced.risk_appetite_scale
◦Risk appetite only (1-point scale): Uses
only the risk appetite. The risk appetite
field is available on the risk statement,
risk, and entity form. The risk appetite
status is calculated based on this property
selection.
◦Risk appetite and risk tolerance (2-
point scale):Uses both the risk appetite
and tolerance. The risk appetite and risk
tolerance fields are available on the risk
statement, risk, and entity form. The risk
appetite status is calculated based on this
property selection.
◦None: Don't want to use the risk appetite.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2461
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ServiceNow AI Platform notifications are also displayed on the messages screen on your mobile device. Verify that notifications are also enabled in the settings of your mobile device. |

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Migrate to Advanced Risk Assessments sn_risk_advanced.hide_risk_legacy_lifecycle | Option to migrate to the advanced risk assessments. Select Yes to use the risk appetite feature. |

Property Description
Note: Only one property between the
Define risk appetite as and Express
risk appetite in can be configured at a
time. Configure a property first, save it,
and then configure the other property.
Express risk appetite limits in Option to select risk appetite scale:
sn_risk_advanced.risk_appetite_analysis
◦Qualitative terms only: Defines the risk
appetite in qualitative terms only. Your risk
appetite is based on the appetite scale
such as low, medium, or high. The risk
ratings are compared with the qualitative
appetite and tolerance to calculate the
qualitative appetite status.
◦Quantitative terms only: Defines the
risk appetite in quantitative terms only. A
quantitative risk appetite can be measured
and expressed using numerical values.
For example, an organization decides to
have $1000 (US dollars) as a target non-
performing asset (NPA) for this year. The
organization can define $1000 (US dollars)
as a quantitative risk appetite. The annual
loss expectancy values are compared with
the quantitative appetite and tolerance to
calculate the quantitative appetite status.
◦Both: Defines the risk appetite in both
qualitative and quantitative terms.
Note: Only one property between
Define risk appetite as and Express
risk appetite in can be configured at a
time. Configure a property first, save it,
and then configure the other property.
Number of days before which an email Notification email scheduler to send an
should be sent to review risk appetite automated email notification to the risk
statement owner before the next review date.
sn_risk_advanced.risk_appetite_review_notifcation
3. Select Save.
Set up a risk appetite scale
Set up a risk appetite scale in the Advanced Risk application to define the qualitative risk
appetite within your organization.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2462
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: Only one property between the Define risk appetite as and Express risk appetite in can be configured at a time. Configure a property first, save it, and then configure the other property. | Note: Only one property between the Define risk appetite as and Express risk appetite in can be configured at a time. Configure a property first, save it, and then configure the other property. |
| Express risk appetite limits in sn_risk_advanced.risk_appetite_analysis | Option to select risk appetite scale: ◦Qualitative terms only: Defines the risk appetite in qualitative terms only. Your risk appetite is based on the appetite scale such as low, medium, or high. The risk ratings are compared with the qualitative appetite and tolerance to calculate the qualitative appetite status. ◦Quantitative terms only: Defines the risk appetite in quantitative terms only. A quantitative risk appetite can be measured and expressed using numerical values. For example, an organization decides to have $1000 (US dollars) as a target non- performing asset (NPA) for this year. The organization can define $1000 (US dollars) as a quantitative risk appetite. The annual loss expectancy values are compared with the quantitative appetite and tolerance to calculate the quantitative appetite status. ◦Both: Defines the risk appetite in both qualitative and quantitative terms. Note: Only one property between Define risk appetite as and Express risk appetite in can be configured at a time. Configure a property first, save it, and then configure the other property. |  |
| Number of days before which an email should be sent to review risk appetite sn_risk_advanced.risk_appetite_review_notifc | Notification email scheduler to send an automated email notification to the risk statement owner before the next review date. ation |  |

About this task
Use a risk appetite scales to define the qualitative risk appetite on the risk statement, entity, and
risk records. The risk appetite scales that are shipped by default are as follows:
•1-Averse
•2-Minimalist
•3-Cautious
•4-Open
•5-Hungry
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Advanced Risk Assessment > Administration > Risk Appetite Scales.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Appetite Scale form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk appetite scale. For example,
Hungry.
Active Option to enable the appetite scale. You
can't delete a risk appetite scale. Instead,
you make it as inactive. This option is
automatically selected.
Note: When you make a risk appetite
scale active or inactive, it affects
multiple records, such as related risk
assessments, entities, risk statements,
and risks.
Description Brief description about the appetite scale.
Value Value of the risk appetite scale. This field
defines a numerical value of the risk appetite
scales.
Note: Any change in the risk appetite
value affects multiple records, such as
related risk assessments, entities, risk
statements, and risks.
Display order Order of the risk appetite scale. This field
enables you to set a sequence in which the
risk appetite scale appears.
4.Select Submit.
Change a risk appetite status
Change the default name, color, and icon that appear for the risk appetite status in the Advanced
Risk application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2463
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk appetite scale. For example, Hungry. |
| Active | Option to enable the appetite scale. You can't delete a risk appetite scale. Instead, you make it as inactive. This option is automatically selected. Note: When you make a risk appetite scale active or inactive, it affects multiple records, such as related risk assessments, entities, risk statements, and risks. |
| Description | Brief description about the appetite scale. |
| Value | Value of the risk appetite scale. This field defines a numerical value of the risk appetite scales. Note: Any change in the risk appetite value affects multiple records, such as related risk assessments, entities, risk statements, and risks. |
| Display order | Order of the risk appetite scale. This field enables you to set a sequence in which the risk appetite scale appears. |

Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin
About this task
Use the risk appetite status to define the final risk status of the entities, risks, and risk statements
that are based on the defined risk appetite. The appetite status helps you to monitor the risk and
to define further actions to bring the risk within the appetite.
The risk appetite statuses that are shipped by default are as follows:
•Outside appetite
•Outside tolerance
•Within appetite
Note: A risk appetite status can't be deleted but can be retired or created. When you
create a risk appetite status, customization of the application is required to enable it for
status computation.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Advanced Risk Assessment > Administration > Risk Appetite Status.
2. Open the risk appetite status that you want to change.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Appetite Status form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk appetite status. For example,
Outside appetite.
Color for risk appetite status Color that appears for the risk appetite status.
Note: To make this change on the
workspace view for the risk, entity, and
risk statement, you must perform some
additional steps. For more information
about these additional steps, see
KB0867184 . You must log in to the
Now Support to view the Knowledge
Base articles.
Icon Icon that appears for the risk appetite status.
Note: To make this change on the
workspace view for the risk, entity, and
risk statement, you must perform some
additional steps. For more information
about these additional steps, see
KB0867184 . You must log in to the
Now Support to view the Knowledge
Base articles.
4.Select Submit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2464
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk appetite status. For example, Outside appetite. |
| Color for risk appetite status | Color that appears for the risk appetite status. Note: To make this change on the workspace view for the risk, entity, and risk statement, you must perform some additional steps. For more information about these additional steps, see KB0867184 . You must log in to the Now Support to view the Knowledge Base articles. |
| Icon | Icon that appears for the risk appetite status. Note: To make this change on the workspace view for the risk, entity, and risk statement, you must perform some additional steps. For more information about these additional steps, see KB0867184 . You must log in to the Now Support to view the Knowledge Base articles. |

| KB0867184 |  |
| --- | --- |

| KB0867184 |  |
| --- | --- |
