### Create related list groupings in Advanced Risk

*Pages 67–68*

Modify Advanced Risk messages
Modify the messages displayed on the risk assessment form using the Advanced Risk
application. Modifying system messages enables personalized and consistent messaging for
users, aligning with their preferences and specific requirements.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System UI > Messages.
2. To filter all the advanced risk assessment messages, select the Key column and search for
advanced_risk_assessment_component.
Messages related to advanced risk assessment appear.
3. Select the message that you want to modify.
4. Note: Make sure you are not modifying the Key field.
Modify the message text in the Message field.
5. Select Update.
Create related list groupings in Advanced Risk
Simplify the groupings of related lists on a record page and customize them to your specific
needs, assigning meaningful names in the process. This configuration enhances readability and
user experience when interacting with the forms.
Before you begin
Role required: admin or sn_grc_workspace.record_view_admin
About this task
On a form, there can be numerous related lists that can occasionally result in a cluttered view.
To streamline the display, you have the option to select and configure the related lists you want
to see on the form. By default, the ability to configure the related lists is given for the following
tables:
•Calculated Metric Definition table
•Metric Definition table
While you can select any table and configure the related lists for that table, as an example, this
procedure describes how you can create groupings for the Metric Definition table. Apart from the
related lists, you can also specify a UX page that you want to display under a group.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Advanced Risk Assessment > Administration > Record View Configuration.
2. Select Risk workspace configuration.
3. In the Table configurations related list, select Metric Definition.
4.In the Group configurations related list, select New.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2465
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Group configuration form
Field Description
Table configuration Name of the table for which you're
configuring the related list. This field is
automatically set.
Name Name of the group that is displayed on the
related list of the form. For example, you can
provide a name such as Risk for grouping
risk-related objects, such as risks and risk
statements.
Active Option to indicate if the configuration is
active.
Order Order number of the group on the form.
Note: If you want to display the order
before the Details tab, then the order
number must be less than or equal to
100.
Condition Conditions that must be met to be displayed
on the form. For example, you can specify
if a record is active, only then it must be
displayed on the form.
6.Select Submit.
7.In the Group configurations related list, select the entry you created.
a.In the Group entries related list, select New.
b.On the form, fill in the fields.
Group entry form
Field Description
Group configuration Group for which the related list is created.
For example, in this procedure, the group for
which you're configuring the entry is Risks.
Order Order of the entry on the UI page.
Application Application for which the related list is being
created. This field is automatically set to
GRC: Risk Management Workspace.
Active Option to indicate if the entry is active.
Type Choice to indicate the type of item the group
contains. The choices are as follows:
▪UX page
▪Related list
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2466
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table configuration | Name of the table for which you're configuring the related list. This field is automatically set. |
| Name | Name of the group that is displayed on the related list of the form. For example, you can provide a name such as Risk for grouping risk-related objects, such as risks and risk statements. |
| Active | Option to indicate if the configuration is active. |
| Order | Order number of the group on the form. Note: If you want to display the order before the Details tab, then the order number must be less than or equal to 100. |
| Condition | Conditions that must be met to be displayed on the form. For example, you can specify if a record is active, only then it must be displayed on the form. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Group configuration | Group for which the related list is created. For example, in this procedure, the group for which you're configuring the entry is Risks. |
| Order | Order of the entry on the UI page. |
| Application | Application for which the related list is being created. This field is automatically set to GRC: Risk Management Workspace. |
| Active | Option to indicate if the entry is active. |
| Type | Choice to indicate the type of item the group contains. The choices are as follows: ▪UX page ▪Related list |
