### Integration of Employee Center and GRC

*Pages 93–93*

set as Same as assessor's manager, then the approver is automatically set depending on the
assessor. You can also define the number of days after which the assessment will be considered
overdue.
Even when you initiate a risk assessment from an application using the API, you can add those
risks to the risk assessment scope at any time. After the risk is added to the risk assessment
scope, the frequency of the assessment is based on the frequency defined in the risk
assessment scope.
There could be some scenarios when you maybe unable to initiate a risk assessment from an
application. Those scenarios are listed as follows.
•If you select multiple risks and try to initiate the assessments at once. The reason for this
is that different risks can have different entities and can have different risk assessment
methodologies.
•If an in-progress risk assessment exists.
•If a risk assessment methodology is not defined for the entity for which the risk exists.
Integration of Employee Center and GRC
The integration of GRC tasks with the Employee Center makes it easier for employees to
complete the GRC tasks easily and effectively. This integration allows them to report risk events
or request policy exceptions and makes GRC more useful in the organization.
The Employee Center portal is a unified portal that helps connect systems across the enterprise
to one destination site that provides a simple and centralized experience for employees with
easy to configure options. To learn more about the Employee Center, refer to Exploring Employee
Center .
If you integrate GRC with the Employee Center, you can provide all employees an interface to
perform the following tasks:
•Quickly report risk events.
•Report an issue.
•Request a policy exception.
•Use My tasks to get a consolidated view of all your tasks and perform them immediately.
•Respond to a risk identification questionnaire.
•Complete other GRC tasks such as control attestation questionnaire, classic risk assessments
and so on.
The following images show you the user interface of the Employee Center.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2491
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
