### Assess risks

*Pages 193–198*

Note: You can add existing controls and new controls during this stage. You can
also remove controls that you might have wrongly added. The factors that appear for
residual assessment are the factors that you have configured in the factor form. The
answers that you provide for these factors determine the control assessment score.
The score is based on the qualitative weight, qualitative score, and quantitative score.
b.If you want to assess a residual risk but you have opted not to assess mitigating controls,
then clear the Residual risk not applicable field.
If you do not want to assess a residual risk, then do not change the field.
c.Right-click and save the form.
7.To move to the next state and respond to the risks that you have assessed, click Respond.
a.In the Risk Response tab, click Risk response and select one or more risk responses from
the following options:
▪None: Do not select any response for the risk.
▪Accept: Accept and acknowledge the risk.
▪Avoid: Eliminate the risk or its impact.
▪Mitigate: Lessen the impact or probability of the risk.
▪Transfer: Transfer the responsibility to a third party.
b.Right-click and save the form.
If multiple risk responses are selected, risk response tasks are created.
8.Click the Risk Response task related list, assign the task to an appropriate user, and right-click
to save the form.
This related list only appears when the Enable risk response option is selected by the risk
administrator during the RAM configuration.
9.In the Comments field, enter comments.
10.To view the activities for this assessment, click Activity Journal.
11. To finish your assessment and send it for approval, click Save and then click Request
Approval.
The approver that you have selected in the risk assessment scope gets an email notification to
approve or reject the risk assessment instance. If there are no approvers, the risk assessment
instance moves to the Monitor state.
What to do next
To view the summary of the assessment, click Assessment Summary.
Assess risks
Use the classic risk assessment and assess the risks in your organization.
Create a risk assessment using the Risk Assessment Designer
Use the Risk Assessment Designer to create and edit metric types, use different metric types
for different risks, select multiple respondents for a risk assessment, as well as change scoring
parameters. The Question Bank offers a library of questions for various categories, so you do not
have to build each questionnaire from scratch.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2591
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.asmt_creator, sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Administration > Assessment Types.
2. Click Risk Assessment Designer.
The designer contains the following elements:
Element Description
Controls Supported question data types are available
in the Controls palette. Drag a control onto
the designer canvas to create a question of
that type.
Questions A library of questions for various categories,
so you do not have to build each
questionnaire from scratch.
Categories New assessment open in the Design view.
The questionnaire Name field appears
above the first category in the canvas. A
blank question field appears in the category
container.
3. Enter a name in the Name field.
4.Drag a control onto the designer canvas to create a question of that type.
Question controls
Data type Description Scored
Attachment Question with a Manage Attachments icon that allows users to attach Y
one or more files.
Boolean Question with a check box or a Yes/No list for user responses.
Choice List of predefined options. For more information, see the definition for Y
Choices.
Date Date field. N
Date/Time Date and time field. N
Number Number field with predefined minimum and maximum values. The N
default is 1-10.
Percentage Percentage field with a prescribed range. N
Scale Predefined Likert scale. Answer options appear as radio buttons. Y
Numeric Selectable number scale. The default is 1-5. Answer options appear as Y
Scale radio buttons.
String Single or multi-line text field. N
Template Choice list of templates that provide a predefined scale of options. Y
Reference Choice list of fields from a specified reference table. This data type
does not support reference qualifiers.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2592
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Element | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Controls | Supported question data types are available in the Controls palette. Drag a control onto the designer canvas to create a question of that type. |
| Questions | A library of questions for various categories, so you do not have to build each questionnaire from scratch. |
| Categories | New assessment open in the Design view. The questionnaire Name field appears above the first category in the canvas. A blank question field appears in the category container. |

| Data type | Description | Scored |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachment | Question with a Manage Attachments icon that allows users to attach one or more files. | Y |
| Boolean | Question with a check box or a Yes/No list for user responses. |  |
| Choice | List of predefined options. For more information, see the definition for Choices. | Y |
| Date | Date field. | N |
| Date/Time | Date and time field. | N |
| Number | Number field with predefined minimum and maximum values. The default is 1-10. | N |
| Percentage | Percentage field with a prescribed range. | N |
| Scale | Predefined Likert scale. Answer options appear as radio buttons. | Y |
| Numeric Scale | Selectable number scale. The default is 1-5. Answer options appear as radio buttons. | Y |
| String | Single or multi-line text field. | N |
| Template | Choice list of templates that provide a predefined scale of options. | Y |
| Reference | Choice list of fields from a specified reference table. This data type does not support reference qualifiers. |  |

Note: Set the correct answer for the metric that you want to be scored. Scored metrics
determine the compliance status of the risk.
5. Click one of the following tabs to change the view in the canvas.
Option Description
Add categories and questions, and configure
Design the properties of each. This is the default view
of the canvas when you open the designer.
Create introductions and end notes for attes­
Configuration
tations, and select a signature.
Select the recipients for each category in the
Availability
attestation.
6.Point to the menu icon in the upper right of the designer to select one of the following options.
Note: The availability of each option depends on the status of the assessment that is
opened in the designer.
Option Description
Save Save the current assessment.
Preview Display a preview to the selected recipients.
Distributes the assessment to the selected re­
Publish
cipients.
Saves and distributes the assessment in one
Save and Publish
step.
New Attestation Opens a fresh canvas for a new assessment.
Opens a list of existing assessment that you
Load Attestation
can select and edit.
Unlike other types of assessments, risk assessments do not appear in the Self-Service >
My assessments & surveys module, because hundreds of control attestations could be
generated at once. Instead,risk assessments are shown as a list in the Risk > Risk Register >
My Assessments and Risk > Risk Register > All Assessments module.
Create an assessment type
The risk manager can create a set of questions for each risk assessment.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.asmt_creator or sn_risk.manager or sn_risk.administrator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Administration > Assessment Types.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2593
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

Assessment Metric Type form
Field Description
Name Name of the assessment type.
Assessment Number of time assessors have to complete their assigned questionnaires,
duration starting from the time the assessment is generated.
Table Table that contains the records you want to evaluate. The system creates
assessable records for records on this table that meet the conditions you
specify, if any. The number of matching records appears as a link by the
Condition field. If you change the table selection, the link dynamically updates.
Select the link to open the list of matching records in a new tab or window.
Note: More roles are required to view the records on certain tables.
If you select a table that you don’t have access to, a warning message
appears by the Condition field where the number of matching records
would be. You can’t generate assessable records for tables you don’t
have sufficient roles for.
Scale factor Number to represent the best possible score for assessment results. All results
for assessments of this type are scaled to this number. 10 is generally a good
scale factor.
Note: This field becomes read-only when it contains a value and you
save the metric type. Choose a scale factor that you’re satisfied with
before you save the metric type.
Condition Condition builder that defines specific records to assess from the selected
table. If you don’t specify any conditions, the system creates assessable
records for all records on the selected table. Select the refresh icon to update
the adjacent record count.
Note: If you change the table or conditions, you must select Generate
Assessable Records to create new assessable records.
Description Helpful information about this type. Enter a clear description of the type and its
purpose.
State Status of the assessment: Draft or Published.
Enforce Option that determines what happens to assessable records when you change
condition the selected table or conditions.
Roles
Additional user roles that can view the results and access records associated
with this type. Users with the specified roles have read access to this type
record and to the associated categories, metrics, assessable records and
scorecards, category users, stakeholders, and decision matrixes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2594
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assessment type. |
| Assessment duration | Number of time assessors have to complete their assigned questionnaires, starting from the time the assessment is generated. |
| Table | Table that contains the records you want to evaluate. The system creates assessable records for records on this table that meet the conditions you specify, if any. The number of matching records appears as a link by the Condition field. If you change the table selection, the link dynamically updates. Select the link to open the list of matching records in a new tab or window. Note: More roles are required to view the records on certain tables. If you select a table that you don’t have access to, a warning message appears by the Condition field where the number of matching records would be. You can’t generate assessable records for tables you don’t have sufficient roles for. |
| Scale factor | Number to represent the best possible score for assessment results. All results for assessments of this type are scaled to this number. 10 is generally a good scale factor. Note: This field becomes read-only when it contains a value and you save the metric type. Choose a scale factor that you’re satisfied with before you save the metric type. |
| Condition | Condition builder that defines specific records to assess from the selected table. If you don’t specify any conditions, the system creates assessable records for all records on the selected table. Select the refresh icon to update the adjacent record count. Note: If you change the table or conditions, you must select Generate Assessable Records to create new assessable records. |
| Description | Helpful information about this type. Enter a clear description of the type and its purpose. |
| State | Status of the assessment: Draft or Published. |
| Enforce condition | Option that determines what happens to assessable records when you change the selected table or conditions. |

Field Description
Note: Users with these roles don’t have access to Assessments
modules unless they’re assessment administrators. Users with these
roles can navigate to the records by other means, such as from reference
fields on assessment instances. This field provides the option to
grant user access to specific assessment data in special cases.
For example, the Vendor metric type provides access to users with
the vendor_manager role to view results and compare assessable
records when they open scorecards or decision matrixes in the Vendor
Performance application.
4.Select Submit.
Assess risk for a policy exception
After the review of a policy exception request and before deciding to approve or reject a request,
the compliance manager may choose to request a risk assessment by the risk manager.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance manager
About this task
For more information, see Manage policy exceptions and extensions.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > My Policy Exceptions.
2. Select the policy exception.
3. Review the form details, as necessary.
4.Click the Business Impact Analysis tab and update the following fields:
Policy exception request Business Impact Analysis tab
Field Value
Risk Description of the risk.
description
Residual Likelihood of the risk occurring. If it is not None, select the likelihood of this
likelihood risk occurring:
◦5 — Extremely Likely
◦4 — Likely
◦3 — Neutral
◦2 — Unlikely
◦1 — Extremely Unlikely
Residual Residual impact of the risk. If it is not None, select the residual impact of
impact this risk:
◦5 — Very High
◦4 — High
◦3 — Moderate
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2595
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: Users with these roles don’t have access to Assessments modules unless they’re assessment administrators. Users with these roles can navigate to the records by other means, such as from reference fields on assessment instances. This field provides the option to grant user access to specific assessment data in special cases. For example, the Vendor metric type provides access to users with the vendor_manager role to view results and compare assessable records when they open scorecards or decision matrixes in the Vendor Performance application. | Note: Users with these roles don’t have access to Assessments modules unless they’re assessment administrators. Users with these roles can navigate to the records by other means, such as from reference fields on assessment instances. This field provides the option to grant user access to specific assessment data in special cases. For example, the Vendor metric type provides access to users with the vendor_manager role to view results and compare assessable records when they open scorecards or decision matrixes in the Vendor Performance application. |

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Risk description | Description of the risk. |
| Residual likelihood | Likelihood of the risk occurring. If it is not None, select the likelihood of this risk occurring: ◦5 — Extremely Likely ◦4 — Likely ◦3 — Neutral ◦2 — Unlikely ◦1 — Extremely Unlikely |

Field Value
◦2 — Low
◦1 — Very Low
Residual score Value calculated after you select a residual likelihood and residual impact
rating:
◦5 — Very High
◦4 — High
◦3 — Moderate
◦2 — Low
◦1 — Very Low
5. Perform one of the following actions.
Option Action
a.Click the Impacted Controls tab.
To view or add impacted controls to the poli­ b.Click Add or Add All.
cy exception
c.Choose the controls to associate to the poli­
cy exception.
To view mitigating controls on the policy ex­
Click the Mitigating Controls tab.
ception
Click the Risks tab.
To view or add risks to the policy exception Note: This option is available when
Governance, Risk, and Compliance is al­
so activated.
To view or add approvers to the policy ex­
Click the Approvers tab.
ception
To view or add task service level agree­
Click the Task SLAs tab.
ments to the policy exception
6.Click Update.
Assess a risk
Risks start in a Draft state then move to the Assess state.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.user
About this task
Risk assessments do not appear in the Self-Service > My assessments & surveys module,
because hundreds of GRC assessment records could be generated at once. Instead, risk
assessments are shown in a separate list view.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2596
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦2 — Low ◦1 — Very Low |
| Residual score | Value calculated after you select a residual likelihood and residual impact rating: ◦5 — Very High ◦4 — High ◦3 — Moderate ◦2 — Low ◦1 — Very Low |

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |
