### Manage a business process

*Pages 199–201*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Register > My Assessments.
2. Open the assessment and review the details.
Option Description
a.Reassign the assessment to another user
in the Assigned to field.
b.Click Update and close the record.
If you are unable to answer the questions Note: Only a user with the sn_grc.user
role can be re-assigned the assess­
ment.
The list of assessments refreshes when you
reassign an assessment to another user.
a.Click Take assessment.
b.Answer the questions and attach informa­
tion, as required.
If you are able to answer the questions
c.Click Submit.
The list of assessments refreshes when you
close the Take Assessment pop-up window.
Manage a business process
Create and manage business processes in your organization.
Create a business process
Create a business process and define the owners, approvers, business criticality, and review
frequency for the process.
Before you begin
Role required: business_process_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > CSDM > Design > Business Process.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Business Process form
Field Description
Name Name of the business process.
Parent Parent business process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2597
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the business process. |

Field Description
Note: If a parent process exists,
it creates a hierarchy of business
processes.
Life cycle stage Stage of the business process in the business
life cycle. The stage determines the status
and displays the actions.
Note: This field is automatically set to
Ideation when you save the form for a
process in the Draft state.
Review frequency Frequency for reviewing the business
process.
Life cycle stage status Status of the business process within the life-
cycle stages.
Note: This field is automatically set to
Under Evaluation when you save the
form for a process in the Draft state.
Next review date Planned date on which the business process
must be reviewed. The value in this field is
automatically set only after the business
process is approved.
Description Short description of the business process.
The description can include the background,
the actual steps, and the interaction of the
process.
Ownership
Managed by group Group that maintains the business process.
Approval group Group that must review and approve the
business process.
Owned by User responsible for the business process.
This user is a member of the Managed by
group.
Business Impact
Business criticality declared Criticality of the business process based on
your subjective assessment. The choices are:
◦1- most critical
◦2- somewhat critical
◦3- less critical
◦4- not critical
Impact to confidentiality Risk rating for the risk of loss of confidentiality.
Confidentiality loss leads to leakage of
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2598
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: If a parent process exists, it creates a hierarchy of business processes. |
| Life cycle stage | Stage of the business process in the business life cycle. The stage determines the status and displays the actions. Note: This field is automatically set to Ideation when you save the form for a process in the Draft state. |
| Review frequency | Frequency for reviewing the business process. |
| Life cycle stage status | Status of the business process within the life- cycle stages. Note: This field is automatically set to Under Evaluation when you save the form for a process in the Draft state. |
| Next review date | Planned date on which the business process must be reviewed. The value in this field is automatically set only after the business process is approved. |
| Description | Short description of the business process. The description can include the background, the actual steps, and the interaction of the process. |
| Ownership |  |
| Managed by group | Group that maintains the business process. |
| Approval group | Group that must review and approve the business process. |
| Owned by | User responsible for the business process. This user is a member of the Managed by group. |
| Business Impact |  |
| Business criticality declared | Criticality of the business process based on your subjective assessment. The choices are: ◦1- most critical ◦2- somewhat critical ◦3- less critical ◦4- not critical |

Field Description
confidential information. The choices are the
following:
◦High
◦Medium
◦Low
Impact to availability Risk rating for the risk of loss of availability.
Unavailability of the system may cause delays
in decision making, business interruptions,
loss of revenue, and customer dissatisfaction.
The choices are the following:
◦High
◦Medium
◦Low
Business criticality determined Computed criticality of the business
process based on the assessment of the
subprocesses. The choices are the following:
◦1- most critical
◦2- somewhat critical
◦3- less critical
◦4- not critical
Impact to integrity Risk rating for the risk of impact to integrity.
Impact to integrity has consequences for
businesses and employees, including fines
and damage to your brand, reputation, and
people. The choices are the following:
◦High
◦Medium
◦Low
4.Right-click on the form header and click Save.
The record moves to the Draft state.
5. To send the record for review and approval, click Review.
The values in the Life cycle stage field and the Life cycle stage status field change. The
Approvals related list appears, and the members of the Approval list can view the record in
their list of approvals.
Approve, reject, or delete a business process
If a new business process has identified approvers, then the approvers must review and approve
the process before it can be published. The approvers can also reject or delete the process as
necessary.
Before you begin
Role required: business_process_manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2599
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | confidential information. The choices are the following: ◦High ◦Medium ◦Low |
| Impact to availability | Risk rating for the risk of loss of availability. Unavailability of the system may cause delays in decision making, business interruptions, loss of revenue, and customer dissatisfaction. The choices are the following: ◦High ◦Medium ◦Low |
| Business criticality determined | Computed criticality of the business process based on the assessment of the subprocesses. The choices are the following: ◦1- most critical ◦2- somewhat critical ◦3- less critical ◦4- not critical |
| Impact to integrity | Risk rating for the risk of impact to integrity. Impact to integrity has consequences for businesses and employees, including fines and damage to your brand, reputation, and people. The choices are the following: ◦High ◦Medium ◦Low |
