### Create a risk framework and associate risk statements to it

*Pages 202–202*

Procedure
1.Navigate to Service Desk > My Approvals.
2. Open the record that you want to approve.
3. In the State field, select one of the following options:
◦Not Yet Requested
◦Requested
◦Approved
◦Rejected
◦Canceled
◦No Longer Required
4.In the Comments field, enter your comments as required.
If the reviewer rejects the record, then the reviewer must enter comments.
5. Select one of the following options.
Option Description
Approve the business process. If you se­
Approve lect this option, the business process is pub­
lished.
Reject the business process. If you select this
Reject option, the business process moves back to
the Draft state.
Delete Delete the business process.
Create a risk framework and associate risk statements to it
Risk managers create risk frameworks to group risk statements into manageable categories.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Library > Frameworks.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Framework form
Field Description
Number Read-only field that is automatically populated with a unique
identification number.
Active Option that indicates whether the risk framework is active.
Name The name of the risk framework.
Description A description of the risk framework.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2600
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Read-only field that is automatically populated with a unique identification number. |
| Active | Option that indicates whether the risk framework is active. |
| Name | The name of the risk framework. |
| Description | A description of the risk framework. |
