### Define risk statement hierarchy

*Pages 203–204*

Field Description
Additional Additional information for this risk framework.
information
4.Click Submit.
5. Select the risk framework from the list to reopen it.
6.In the Risk Statements related list, select Edit to add the risk statements to the risk framework.
7.Click Save.
Define risk statement hierarchy
Risk managers establish parent and child relationships on the risk statement form.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Library > Risk Statements.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Note: When any of the following statement fields changes: Name, Description,
Reference, Category, Type, Classification, and Attestation, all the associated controls and
risks are updated, and their state is set back to Draft.
Risk Statement from
Field Description
Name Name of the risk statement.
Parent * this field is visible only Parent risk statement to this risk statement.
when Advanced Risk has been
◦Users select the appropriate parent from the taxonomy
downloaded.
structure.
◦If no parent is specified, the risk statement becomes the
root of the tree.
◦It is possible to have several of these root-type risk
statements within the organization.
◦A risk statement cannot be both a parent and a child of
another risk statement.
Framework Framework this risk statement is associated with.
Category Choose a category.
◦Legal
◦Financial
◦Operational
◦Reputational
◦Legal/Regulatory
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2601
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Additional information | Additional information for this risk framework. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk statement. |
| Parent * this field is visible only when Advanced Risk has been downloaded. | Parent risk statement to this risk statement. ◦Users select the appropriate parent from the taxonomy structure. ◦If no parent is specified, the risk statement becomes the root of the tree. ◦It is possible to have several of these root-type risk statements within the organization. ◦A risk statement cannot be both a parent and a child of another risk statement. |
| Framework | Framework this risk statement is associated with. |

Field Description
◦Credit
◦Market
◦IT
Assessment Assessment associated with this risk statement.
Issue group rule Issue group rule assigned to this risk statement for
reporting and dashboard.
Description Description of the risk statement.
Additional information Additional information for this risk statement.
Default Scores
Inherent SLE Monetary value of a risk if it occurs before any mitigation
strategies are in place.
Residual SLE Monetary value of a risk if it occurs after all mitigation
strategies are in place.
Inherent ARO Probability that a risk occurs in any given year before any
mitigation strategies are in place.
Residual ARO Probability that a risk will occur in any given year after all
mitigation strategies are in place.
Risk Rollup and Tolerance * this tab is visible only when Advanced Risk has been
downloaded.
Expected ALE Enter currency and amount for the expected ALE.
Note: This value must be less than or equal to the
Maximum acceptable ALE.
Maximum acceptable ALE Enter currency and amount for the maximum acceptable
ALE.
Note: This value must be greater than or equal to
theExpected ALE.
Sum of calculated ALE This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or
risk statements.
Average calculated ALE This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or
risk statements.
Maximum calculated ALE This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or
risk statements.
Minimum calculated ALE This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or
risk statements.
Tolerance Status Automatically calculated based on tolerance values.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2602
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Credit ◦Market ◦IT |
| Assessment | Assessment associated with this risk statement. |
| Issue group rule | Issue group rule assigned to this risk statement for reporting and dashboard. |
| Description | Description of the risk statement. |
| Additional information | Additional information for this risk statement. |
| Default Scores |  |
| Inherent SLE | Monetary value of a risk if it occurs before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual SLE | Monetary value of a risk if it occurs after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent ARO | Probability that a risk occurs in any given year before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual ARO | Probability that a risk will occur in any given year after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Risk Rollup and Tolerance * this tab is visible only when Advanced Risk has been downloaded. |  |
| Expected ALE | Enter currency and amount for the expected ALE. Note: This value must be less than or equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE. |
| Maximum acceptable ALE | Enter currency and amount for the maximum acceptable ALE. Note: This value must be greater than or equal to theExpected ALE. |
| Sum of calculated ALE | This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or risk statements. |
| Average calculated ALE | This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or risk statements. |
| Maximum calculated ALE | This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or risk statements. |
| Minimum calculated ALE | This is a calculation based on all the underlying risks or risk statements. |
