### Create a risk statement

*Pages 205–206*

Field Description
◦If the Calculated ALE is less than or equal to the
Expected ALE = Acceptable in green
◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the Expected ALE,
but less than or equal to the Max acceptable ALE =
Needs Attention in orange
◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the Maximum
acceptable ALE = Unacceptable in red
Calculated Score The corresponding score for the calculated ALE:
◦Low
◦Med
◦High
4.Click Submit.
5. To add children risk statements, click the Risk Statements related list, and click New.
6.Fill in the fields on the form, as appropriate and click Submit.
7.Repeat until you have added all the children risk statements related to this risk statement.
Create a risk statement
Risk managers create risk statements to group risks into manageable categories.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Library > Risk Statements.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Note: When any of the following statement fields changes: Name, Description,
Reference, Category, Type, Classification, and Attestation, all the associated controls and
risks are updated, and their state is set back to Draft.
Risk Statement form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk statement.
Parent Parent risk statement.
Framework Framework this risk statement is associated with.
Category Choose a category.
◦Legal
◦Financial
◦Operational
◦Reputational
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2603
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦If the Calculated ALE is less than or equal to the Expected ALE = Acceptable in green ◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the Expected ALE, but less than or equal to the Max acceptable ALE = Needs Attention in orange ◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the Maximum acceptable ALE = Unacceptable in red |
| Calculated Score | The corresponding score for the calculated ALE: ◦Low ◦Med ◦High |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk statement. |
| Parent | Parent risk statement. |
| Framework | Framework this risk statement is associated with. |

Field Description
◦Legal/Regulatory
◦Credit
◦Market
◦IT
Assessment Risk assessment template to be assigned to this risk statement. An
assessment template is a questionnaire that is used for assessing a risk.
Description Description of the risk statement.
Additional Additional information for this risk statement.
information
Note: Accurate default scoring selections are important for normalizing risk across the
organization.
4.To fill in the fields for the risk appetite section, see Define the risk appetite for a risk statement.
5. Click the Default Scores related list and fill in the fields on the form, as appropriate.
Default Scores form
Field Description
Inherent SLE Impact that the event has on the organization
if there are no controls to check the event.
Residual SLE Impact that the event has on the organization
if there are controls to check the event.
Inherent ARO Likelihood of the event occurring if there are
no controls to check the event.
Residual ARO Likelihood of the event occurring if there are
controls to check the event.
6.Click the Risk Rollup and Tolerance related list and on the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Rollup and Tolerance form
Field Description
Expected ALE Annual Loss of Expectancy (ALE) refers to
the product of the annual rate of occurrence
(ARO) and the single loss expectancy (SLE).
Expected ALE is the expected value of the
ALE for the risk statement. Enter currency and
amount for the expected ALE.
Note: This value must be less than or
equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE.
Sum of calculated ALE This calculation is based on the sum of
calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2604
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Legal/Regulatory ◦Credit ◦Market ◦IT |
| Assessment | Risk assessment template to be assigned to this risk statement. An assessment template is a questionnaire that is used for assessing a risk. |
| Description | Description of the risk statement. |
| Additional information | Additional information for this risk statement. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Inherent SLE | Impact that the event has on the organization if there are no controls to check the event. |
| Residual SLE | Impact that the event has on the organization if there are controls to check the event. |
| Inherent ARO | Likelihood of the event occurring if there are no controls to check the event. |
| Residual ARO | Likelihood of the event occurring if there are controls to check the event. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Expected ALE | Annual Loss of Expectancy (ALE) refers to the product of the annual rate of occurrence (ARO) and the single loss expectancy (SLE). Expected ALE is the expected value of the ALE for the risk statement. Enter currency and amount for the expected ALE. Note: This value must be less than or equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE. |
