### Visualize risk hierarchies using the GRC: Workbench

*Pages 207–207*

Field Description
Maximum calculated ALE This calculation is based on the maximum
of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Maximum acceptable ALE Threshold value for the ALE for the risk
statement.
Note: This value must be greater than
or equal to theExpected ALE. This value
has an impact on the Tolerance status
field.
Average calculated ALE This calculation is based on the average of
calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Minimum calculated ALE This calculation is based on the minimum
of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Calculated Score The corresponding score for the calculated
ALE:
◦Low
◦Med
◦High
7.Click the Basel Categorization related list and select the Basel Categories Hierarchy.
The Basel categories are as follows:
◦Internal Fraud: misappropriation of assets, tax evasion, intentional mismarking of positions,
bribery.
◦External Fraud: theft of information, hacking damage, third-party theft and forgery.
◦Employment Practices and Workplace Safety: discrimination, workers compensation,
employee health and safety.
◦Clients, Products, and Business Practice: market manipulation, antitrust, improper trade,
product defects, breaches, account churning.
◦Damage to Physical Assets: natural disasters, terrorism, vandalism.
◦Business Disruption and Systems Failures: utility disruptions, software failures, hardware
failures.
◦Execution, Delivery, and Process Management: data entry errors, accounting errors, failed
mandatory reporting, negligent loss of client assets.
8.Click Submit.
Visualize risk hierarchies using the GRC: Workbench
Risk users can see the hierarchy of risk statements using the GRC: Workbench.
Before you begin
Activate the GRC: Workbench (app-grc-workbench) plugin.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2605
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Maximum calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the maximum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Maximum acceptable ALE | Threshold value for the ALE for the risk statement. Note: This value must be greater than or equal to theExpected ALE. This value has an impact on the Tolerance status field. |
| Average calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the average of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Minimum calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the minimum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Calculated Score | The corresponding score for the calculated ALE: ◦Low ◦Med ◦High |
