### Relate risks to each other

*Pages 208–208*

Role required: sn_risk.reader
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > GRC Workbench.
2. Select Risk Dependencies.
3. Select Risk Statement Hierarchy.
4.On the left pane, select the risk statement for which you want to visualize the risk statement
hierarchy.
Example
For example, if you want to see the hierarchy of the Information Technology risk statement,
select Information Technology Risk and you can see the parent risk statement and the
child risk statements such as information security, IT infrastructure, IT operations, and IT
performance.
The risk statement hierarchy is displayed.
Generate a risk from a risk framework
Making associations with risk frameworks automatically creates risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin and sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Library > Risk Framework.
2. Open the risk framework record.
3. In the Entity Type related list, click Edit.
4.Select the entity types to associate to the risk framework, and click Save.
All risk statements are associated to the entity type and a risk is created for every risk
statement against every entity in the entity type.
Generate a risk from a risk statement
Making associations with risk statements automatically creates risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin and sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Library > Risk Statement.
2. Open the risk statement record.
3. In the Entity Type related list, click Edit.
4.Select the entity types to associate to the risk statement, and click Save.
One risk is generated for each entity in the entity type based on the risk statement.
Relate risks to each other
Create relationships between risks to better understand how risks affect each other and how
they affect the enterprise.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2606
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
