### Create a risk manually

*Pages 209–211*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_risk.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Register > All Risks.
2. Open a risk.
3. Perform one of the following actions.
Option Description
To specify that the current risk is down­ Click the Add button in the Upstream Risks
stream of another risk related list.
To specify that the current risk is upstream Click the Add button in the Downstream
of another risk Risks related list
4.Select the desired risks to relate to the current risk and click Create Relationship.
5. In the pop-up window, check all the desired risks to relate to the current risk, and click Create
Relationship.
Create a risk manually
Risk administrators can create risk records when they see a potential for a gain or loss of value.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Register > Create New.
2. On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number. This field
automatically populated.
Inherit from risk statement Option to create a risk independent of risk
statement.
Active Option to indicate if the risk is active.
Name Name for the risk. Field is auto-populated if
the risk is generated from a risk statement,
but can be changed without affecting the
relationship between the risk and risk
statement.
Description Description of the risk and how it is a threat to
the organization.
Risk Statement Risk statement this risk is associated with.
Category Category of risk which applies to the profile.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2607
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number. This field automatically populated. |
| Inherit from risk statement | Option to create a risk independent of risk statement. |
| Active | Option to indicate if the risk is active. |
| Name | Name for the risk. Field is auto-populated if the risk is generated from a risk statement, but can be changed without affecting the relationship between the risk and risk statement. |
| Description | Description of the risk and how it is a threat to the organization. |
| Risk Statement | Risk statement this risk is associated with. |

Field Description
◦Legal
◦Financial
◦Operational
◦Reputational
◦Legal/Regulatory
◦Credit
◦Market
◦IT
If the risk is generated from a risk statement,
the field is automatically populated/
Entity Entity related to the risk.
Note: Only active entities are shown.
Sync with entity owner Option to assign the entity owner as the
owner of this risk record. When selected, if
the entity owner changes, the risk owner is
updated automatically. This option is set to
True by default.
Owning group Owning group for the risk.
Risk relevance Explanation of how this risk applies to you.
Note: This field only appears when the
Inherit from risk statement option is
selected.
Owner Owner for the risk.
Note: The owner is always added as a
respondent.
3. Select the Assessment Summary tab.
This tab is only visible if you have the Advanced Risk plugin activated. The scores of the risk
assessment methodology selected as the primary are displayed in the risk scoring section. If
the Advanced Risk plugin is not activated, then the following sections for classic risk appear.
4.To fill in the fields for the risk appetite section, see Define the risk appetite for a risk.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Scoring Form
Field Description
Note: These fields appear for classic risk.
Assessment Assessment to attach to this risk.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2608
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Legal ◦Financial ◦Operational ◦Reputational ◦Legal/Regulatory ◦Credit ◦Market ◦IT If the risk is generated from a risk statement, the field is automatically populated/ |
| Entity | Entity related to the risk. Note: Only active entities are shown. |
| Sync with entity owner | Option to assign the entity owner as the owner of this risk record. When selected, if the entity owner changes, the risk owner is updated automatically. This option is set to True by default. |
| Owning group | Owning group for the risk. |
| Risk relevance | Explanation of how this risk applies to you. Note: This field only appears when the Inherit from risk statement option is selected. |
| Owner | Owner for the risk. Note: The owner is always added as a respondent. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Note: These fields appear for classic risk. |  |
| Assessment | Assessment to attach to this risk. |

Field Description
Assessment respondents Users assigned to the assessment of this risk.
Note: Only a user with the sn_grc.user
role can be added as a respondent.
When both the Assessment and Assessment respondents fields are set, assessments are
created when you select Assess.
6.Select the Scoring tab.
7.On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Scoring form
Field Description
Note: These fields appear for classic risk.
Inherent SLE Monetary value of a risk if it occurs before
any mitigation strategies are in place.
Residual SLE Monetary value of a risk if it occurs after all
mitigation strategies are in place.
Inherent ARO Probability that a risk occurs in any given year
before any mitigation strategies are in place.
Residual ARO Probability that a risk will occur in any given
year after all mitigation strategies are in place.
Inherent ALE Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x
ARO before any mitigation strategies are in
place.
Residual ALE Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x
ARO after all mitigation strategies are in place.
Inherent score The score of the risk before any mitigation
strategies are in place.
Residual score The score of the risk after all mitigation
strategies are in place.
Calculated ALE Annualized loss expectancy based off all
calculations.
Calculated score The corresponding score for the calculated
ALE.
8.Select the Response tab.
9.On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2609
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assessment respondents | Users assigned to the assessment of this risk. Note: Only a user with the sn_grc.user role can be added as a respondent. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Note: These fields appear for classic risk. |  |
| Inherent SLE | Monetary value of a risk if it occurs before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual SLE | Monetary value of a risk if it occurs after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent ARO | Probability that a risk occurs in any given year before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual ARO | Probability that a risk will occur in any given year after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent ALE | Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x ARO before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual ALE | Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x ARO after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent score | The score of the risk before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual score | The score of the risk after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Calculated ALE | Annualized loss expectancy based off all calculations. |
| Calculated score | The corresponding score for the calculated ALE. |
