### Follow a risk

*Pages 212–212*

Risk Response form
Field Description
Response
◦Accept
◦Avoid
◦Mitigate
◦Transfer
Justification Enter a reasonable justification for the
selected response
10.Select the Monitoring tab.
Risk Monitoring form
Field Description
Control compliance percentage Percentage of compliant controls
Control non-compliance percentage Percentage of non-compliant controls
Control failure factor Sum of failed controls weighting divided by
total controls weighting
Indicator failure factor Uses the last result of each associated
indicator. Number of last results failed divided
by total number of indicators associated.
Calculated risk factor This value is calculated from (Indicator
failure factor + Control
failure factor) / 2.
11. Select the Activity Journal tab.
12. Enter additional comments, as necessary.
13.Select Submit.
Follow a risk
Connect integrates with Risk Management providing an overlay to the standard interface,
allowing users to participate in conversations while they work and collaborate on the risk record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.user
For more information about Connect, see Connect .
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Register > All Risks.
2. Open the risk record from the list.
3. Click the Follow tab and perform one of the following actions.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2610
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Response | ◦Accept ◦Avoid ◦Mitigate ◦Transfer |
| Justification | Enter a reasonable justification for the selected response |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Control compliance percentage | Percentage of compliant controls |
| Control non-compliance percentage | Percentage of non-compliant controls |
| Control failure factor | Sum of failed controls weighting divided by total controls weighting |
| Indicator failure factor | Uses the last result of each associated indicator. Number of last results failed divided by total number of indicators associated. |
| Calculated risk factor | This value is calculated from (Indicator failure factor + Control failure factor) / 2. |

| failure factor + Control |
| --- |
| failure factor) / 2 |
