### Add a control to a risk

*Pages 213–213*

Option Action
To add the Connect sidebar Click Open Connect mini.
To add the Connect full-screen view Click Open Connect Full.
Add a control to a risk
Controls are added to the risks for the on-going review of processes.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager and sn_compliance.manager
About this task
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Register > All Risks
2. Open the risk record from the list.
3. Continue with one of the following options.
Option Description
a.In the Controls related list, select Add.
b.Select the controls that are associated with
the risk profile.
c.Select Add relationship.
Note: The controls displayed after se­
Add an existing control
lecting the Add button are limited to con­
trols where the entity of control matches
the risk entity. If there are no eligible con­
trols that can be related to the risk, the
Add button isn’t displayed on the Con­
trols related list.
a.In the Controls related list, select New.
b.On the form, fill in the fields. For a descrip­
Add a new control tion of the field values on the Control form,
see Create a control.
c.Select Submit.
a.In the Controls related list, select Inherit
common controls.
Inherit common controls
b.Select the controls.
c.Select Add.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2611
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
