### Manually create GRC issues

*Pages 214–218*

Option Description
Note: The common controls displayed
after selecting the Inherit common
controls button are limited to controls
where the reliant entity of control match­
es the risk entity. If there are no eligible
controls that can be related to the risk,
the Inherit common controls button
isn’t displayed on the Controls related
list.
◦When a control objective and risk statement are associated and the control entity matches
the risk entity, the risk-control association is created.
◦The risks and controls that are created after associating a control objective to the risk
statement aren’t associated with the risk statement immediately. They get associated when
the GRC Profile Generation scheduled job runs.
◦If you manually delete a control from a risk, the control won’t be re-created by the scheduled
job. You must manually create it again if necessary.
Related topics
Associate a risk statement with a control objective in the Risk Workspace
Manually create GRC issues
As a GRC user, you can manually create issues to document policy, risk, or audit observations,
or to accept any GRC problems. You can also identify the source of the issue to help analyze and
classify the issues.
Before you begin
Role required: (per product)
•In Policy and Compliance Management: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
•In Risk Management: sn_grc.business_user
•In Audit Management: sn_grc.business_usersn_grc.business_user_lite
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1 of the products mentioned above, the minimum role for
the Assigned to user on the Issues form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user]. The
minimum role for the Issue manager is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
For more information on the access control limitations to issues, see GRC business user role to
control access and track usage of compliance tables.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Issues > Create New.
◦Risk > Issues > Create New.
◦Audit > Issues > Create New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2612
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | Note: The common controls displayed after selecting the Inherit common controls button are limited to controls where the reliant entity of control match­ es the risk entity. If there are no eligible controls that can be related to the risk, the Inherit common controls button isn’t displayed on the Controls related list. |

Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1 of the products mentioned above, the minimum role for
the Assigned to user on the Issues form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user].
The minimum role for the Issue manager is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
2. On the Issue form, fill in the fields.
The due date under the Dates tab is automatically calculated based on the issue rating. You
can manually override the calculated due date. The Task SLAs related list creates and displays
SLAs based on the Due date.
3. Save the issue record.
The tabs at the bottom of the screen enable you to perform various tasks for remediating the
issue. You can add policy exceptions and create remediation tasks. Additionally, you can view
other issues, indicator results, and task SLAs related to the issue.
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1, the Task SLA tab creates and displays SLAs based
on the Due date. Notifications are sent to the issue owner and issue manager when the
issue Due date reaches 50%, then 75%, then when it breaches. If the Assigned to and
Due date fields are not empty and the issue is not in the New state, an SLA is created for
the issue.
If the due date for the SLA changes, a new SLA is created. The SLA is completed
when the issue transitions to Closed Complete or Closed Incomplete. Also, the SLA is
cancelled if the Due date or Assigned to fields are empty, or the state is New.
Also starting with Version 12.0.1, remediation tasks can be created with the Assigned to
user and issue manager user roles, as well as any user with the GRC Business User role.
Report issues from the Service Portal
When you identify any deficiencies in the controls or improvements that can be made in the
organization policies, report an issue from the ServiceNow, Inc. Service Portal.
Before you begin
Role required: ServiceNow user
Procedure
1.In the Service Portal, click Catalog > Browse by Categories.
2. Click Governance Risk and Compliance and then click Report Issue.
3. On the form, fill in the following fields:
Report Issue form
Field Description
Enter a brief Brief description of the issue.
description of the
issue
Enter a detailed Detailed description of the issue.
description of the
issue
Enter possible Potential suggestions to address the issue.
suggestions to
address the issue
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2613
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Enter a brief description of the issue | Brief description of the issue. |
| Enter a detailed description of the issue | Detailed description of the issue. |
| Enter possible suggestions to address the issue | Potential suggestions to address the issue. |

Field Description
Which entity is the Entity related to the issue.
issue related to?
Which control Control objective related to the issue.
objective is the issue
related to? Note:
This field appears only if Policy and Compliance Management is
installed.
Which control is the Control inherited from item generation process. The control objective
issue related to? is read-only field. When you select the control, the control objective is
auto-populated.
4.Click Submit.
5. To view all the issues you have reported, navigate to GRC > My Reported Issues.
Issue assignment using the Governance, Risk, and Compliance Predictive Intelligence plugin
Train a similarity solution model that uses machine learning so that the system can automatically
suggest how to route issues to the correct assignee. Automatic routing suggestion reduces the
time spent on deciding who should own the issue.
The Governance, Risk, and Compliance: Predictive Intelligence plugin utilizes Artificial
Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to make GRC issue management smarter. On
the GRC issue form, users are given suggestions for the assignment of issues to appropriate
candidates. These suggestions are based on the platform similarity solution model.
Users must train the solution definition after they install the GRC: Predictive Intelligence plugin
along with its dependencies. The Platform Machine Learning Administrator (ml_admin) can also
customize the solution definition. This modification is based on the data in tables. Some of the
critical fields, such as the filter condition Assigned to [is] [not empty], must not be modified
because modification may impact how the UI shows the prediction results.
Train and use the similarity solution definition for issue assignment prediction
Train and use the machine learning solution by activating the Governance, Risk, and Compliance
Predictive Intelligence plugin. The solution enables the system to automatically suggest correct
assignees to route issues. These suggestions reduce the time spent on deciding who should
own the issue.
Before you begin
Make sure that the following plugins are activated.
•The Policy and Compliance Management plugin
•The Risk Management plugin
•GRC Profiles plugin must be activated
•The Predictive Intelligence plugin
Modify the following Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties with the sn_grc.admin role.
•Issue assignee suggestion based on property (Similarity Analysis).
•Machine Learning Solution for prediction of issue assignee property
(ml_x_snc_sn_grc_pred_intel_global_similarity_solution_definition_for_assigned_to_for_issue).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2614
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Which entity is the issue related to? | Entity related to the issue. |
| Which control objective is the issue related to? | Control objective related to the issue. Note: This field appears only if Policy and Compliance Management is installed. |
| Which control is the issue related to? | Control inherited from item generation process. The control objective is read-only field. When you select the control, the control objective is auto-populated. |

Role required: ml_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to Predictive Intelligence > Similarity > Solution Definitions.
2. Click the Similarity Solution Definition for Assigned To for Issue solution.
Similarity Definition form
Field Value
Label Unique name for the similarity solution.
Name Name of the similarity solution. This field is
automatically set to the system-assigned name that is
the most similar to your value for the Label field.
Word Corpus Existing word corpus that is relevant to your solution.
For this use case, select the Word Corpus for Issue
Assignment word corpus.
Note: For word corpora in similarity solutions,
the number of records per table is limited to
300,000.
Table Table that contains the records that you want to train
against and to predict for. When you assign a table
value, a link appears in the form. The link shows the
number of records that match your current conditions.
For this use case, the field is automatically set to the
Issue [sn_grc_issue] table. Do not modify this field for
this solution definition.
Fields Field types that are likely to help in identifying the
owner. You can select the columns from the table in
the Table field so that their data helps in predicting
the issue more accurately. In this use case, the Short
description and the Description fields are selected.
These fields are the field types that contain the text of
the issue records whose owner you're trying to identify.
Note: You can modify the fields selected here if
there are other non-empty important fields on the
issue record in your database, such that these
fields can help in finding out similar issues for
predicting the issue owners.
Test Table Table that contains the record that you want to predict
for. For this use case, the field is automatically set to
the Issue [sn_grc_issue] table.
Note: The number of records which the
Similarity window can retrieve is limited to 10.
This field must not be modified for this solution
definition.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2615
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Unique name for the similarity solution. |
| Name | Name of the similarity solution. This field is automatically set to the system-assigned name that is the most similar to your value for the Label field. |
| Word Corpus | Existing word corpus that is relevant to your solution. For this use case, select the Word Corpus for Issue Assignment word corpus. Note: For word corpora in similarity solutions, the number of records per table is limited to 300,000. |
| Table | Table that contains the records that you want to train against and to predict for. When you assign a table value, a link appears in the form. The link shows the number of records that match your current conditions. For this use case, the field is automatically set to the Issue [sn_grc_issue] table. Do not modify this field for this solution definition. |
| Fields | Field types that are likely to help in identifying the owner. You can select the columns from the table in the Table field so that their data helps in predicting the issue more accurately. In this use case, the Short description and the Description fields are selected. These fields are the field types that contain the text of the issue records whose owner you're trying to identify. Note: You can modify the fields selected here if there are other non-empty important fields on the issue record in your database, such that these fields can help in finding out similar issues for predicting the issue owners. |

Field Value
Test Fields Fields which are used as input during prediction. In this
use case, select Short description and Description.
Note: You can modify the fields selected here if
there are other non-empty important fields on the
issue record in your database, such that these
fields can help in finding out similar issues for
predicting the issue owners.
Filter Filter that applies conditions to the field records that
you're using as a base to retrieve your similarity results.
For example in this use case, you can set an Assigned
to [is] [not empty] condition because leaving the field
empty will not provide a suggestion.
Processing Language Dominant language of the dataset that you are training
on the solution definition. If the dataset language is
English, choose English.
By default, English processing is applied to all
datasets. For example, if you select Italian, the system
processes the data in both English and Italian.
Note: The term processing indicates some of
the language-specific steps that are used as
part of training a solution. These steps include
tokenizing words, removing stop words, and
stemming.
Stopwords List of stopwords. When you select your processing
language, the system automatically adds a Stopwords
list that uses the same language. For example, if your
processing language is English, the Default English
Stopwords option appears. The Default English
Stopwords list also appears in your selection. You can
add your own custom list of stopwords.
Training Frequency Frequency of training. The retraining option can
range from once a day to every 30 days in 3 month
increments up to 180 days.
Update Frequency Frequency of how often you want to refresh the data
that you use to retrieve your similarity results.
For example, new issues typically occur frequently
throughout the day. If you have issue records that are
open, you may want to select an update frequency of
Every 15 minutes. This frequency can increase the
likelihood that newly opened records are included in
the refresh.
3. Click the appropriate button for the solution definition.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2616
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Test Fields | Fields which are used as input during prediction. In this use case, select Short description and Description. Note: You can modify the fields selected here if there are other non-empty important fields on the issue record in your database, such that these fields can help in finding out similar issues for predicting the issue owners. |
| Filter | Filter that applies conditions to the field records that you're using as a base to retrieve your similarity results. For example in this use case, you can set an Assigned to [is] [not empty] condition because leaving the field empty will not provide a suggestion. |
| Processing Language | Dominant language of the dataset that you are training on the solution definition. If the dataset language is English, choose English. By default, English processing is applied to all datasets. For example, if you select Italian, the system processes the data in both English and Italian. Note: The term processing indicates some of the language-specific steps that are used as part of training a solution. These steps include tokenizing words, removing stop words, and stemming. |
| Stopwords | List of stopwords. When you select your processing language, the system automatically adds a Stopwords list that uses the same language. For example, if your processing language is English, the Default English Stopwords option appears. The Default English Stopwords list also appears in your selection. You can add your own custom list of stopwords. |
| Training Frequency | Frequency of training. The retraining option can range from once a day to every 30 days in 3 month increments up to 180 days. |
| Update Frequency | Frequency of how often you want to refresh the data that you use to retrieve your similarity results. For example, new issues typically occur frequently throughout the day. If you have issue records that are open, you may want to select an update frequency of Every 15 minutes. This frequency can increase the likelihood that newly opened records are included in the refresh. |
