### Use entity and risk dependencies using the GRC: Workbench

*Pages 219–226*

Option Description
Save your solution definition record so that
Save
you can return to it later.
Update and Retrain Modify your solution definition and train it.
Use entity and risk dependencies using the GRC: Workbench
The GRC: Workbench utilizes CMDB information to show the upstream and downstream
relationships across all applications. CMDB information is one of the sources. These
relationships enable consistent risk mapping and modeling across the enterprise.
The GRC Manager [sn_grc.manager] uses the GRC Workbench to:
•Create entity classes.
•Define the upstream/downstream relationships between entity classes. These relationships
make up the dependency model and ensure that risks are defined and evaluated consistently
across the enterprise.
•Create entity types, create entities, and classify entities
Note: The GRC Manager cannot view the GRC: Workbench from Risk > GRC Workbench.
The GRC Manager [sn_grc.manager] enters /$grc_workbench.do after their instance
name in the url to access the GRC: Workbench.
The Risk Manager [sn_risk.manager] uses the GRC: Workbench to:
•Perform all the same tasks as the GRC Manager
•Create risk frameworks, risk statements, and risks
•Define risk relationships
Model Setup tab
The Model Setup tab contains links to perform the following tasks.
Link Action
Dependency Model Create entity classes and develop the
organizational relationship model
Entity Types Create and edit entity types
Dependency Map Create and visualize entity relationships
Risk Dependencies tab
The Risk Dependencies tab contains links to perform the following tasks.
Link Action
Risk Frameworks Create and edit risk frameworks
Risk Statements Create and edit risk statements
Relationships Create and visualize risk relationships
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2617
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Link | Action |
| --- | --- |
| Dependency Model | Create entity classes and develop the organizational relationship model |
| Entity Types | Create and edit entity types |
| Dependency Map | Create and visualize entity relationships |

| Link | Action |
| --- | --- |
| Risk Frameworks | Create and edit risk frameworks |
| Risk Statements | Create and edit risk statements |
| Relationships | Create and visualize risk relationships |

Activate GRC: Workbench
The GRC: Workbench plugin is not activated by default, it is available as a separate subscription
within the GRC Suite.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
To create entity classes, entity dependencies, and risk dependencies activate the GRC:
Workbench, and the GRC: Risk Management plugin [com.sn_risk].
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the plugin using the filter criteria and search bar.
You can search for the plugin by its name or ID. If you cannot find a plugin, you might have to
request it from ServiceNow personnel.
3. Select Install to start the installation process.
Note: When domain separation and delegated admin are enabled in an instance, the
administrative user must be in the global domain. Otherwise, the following error appears:
Application installation is unavailable because another
operation is running: Plugin Activation for <plugin name>.
You will see a message after installation is completed. For information about the components
installed with a plugin, see Find components installed with an application .
Related topics
List of plugins
Create entity class using the GRC: Workbench
GRC managers create entity classes representing the types of things that are part of the
dependency model. Reports can be filtered to define relationships between the different enity
classes. An entity class defines what a entity actually is.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. On the left, in the Entity classes section, click Add Class.
3. Enter an entity class name and click the plus (+) icon
The newly created entity class is added to the list on the left.
What to do next
Create relationships between entity classes using the GRC: Workbench.
Create relationships between entity classes using the GRC: Workbench
Managers create relationships between entity classes using the GRC: Workbench to build out
the dependency map and better understand how entities relate to one another.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2618
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.manager
Create profile classes using the GRC: Workbench, before creating relationships between entity
classes.
Entity classes can roll up to each other, leading to the development of the dependency model.
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Model Setup tab at the top, and select the Dependency Model tab.
3. If needed, create entity classes.
4.Do one of the following actions.
Option Description
If there are no relationships between entity Drag an entity class from the left to the center
classes and drop it.
Drag additional entity classes from the list on
the left and drop them on the top or bottom of
any entity class in the tree.
Note: Dragging to the top of an entity
If there are relationships between entity
class makes the target entity class roll
classes
up to the class that is dropped. Dragging
to the bottom of an entity class makes
the class that is being dropped roll up to
the target class.
Note: As long as you remain on the GRC: Workbench, click Undo after creating a
relationship between entity classes to roll back the change. Leaving the GRC: Workbench
causes the undo history to be lost.
What to do next
After modeling out entities, define the risks in your organization:
•Generate a risk from a risk framework
•Generate a risk from a risk statement
•Associate a risk framework or risk statement with an entity type to generate risks
After generating risks, Relate risks to each other.
Associate a risk framework or risk statement with an entity type to generate risks
Risks are automatically generated when you make associations between risk frameworks or risk
statements and entity types.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin and sn_risk.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2619
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

Procedure
1.Navigate to Risk > Scoping > Entity types.
2. Open the entity type record.
3. In the Risk Framework or Risk Statement related list, click Edit.
4.Select the risk frameworks or risk statements to associate to the entity, and click Save.
All risk frameworks or statements are associated to the entity type and a risk is created for
every risk statement against every entity in the entity type.
Visualize and edit entity dependencies using the GRC: Workbench
The GRC: Workbench gives GRC administrators a graphical interface to create entity
dependencies. These relationships enable consistent entity and risk mapping and modeling
across the enterprise.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Model Setup tab at the top, then select the Dependency tab below it.
3. Search for and select an entity from the list on the left.
Entities are organized hierarchically by entity class, then by entity types.
4.After selecting an entity from the left, the entity is displayed in the center with its direct
upstream and downstream dependencies.
On the right, eligible entities that can be added as upstream or downstream dependencies are
listed.
5. Perform one of the following actions.
Option Description
Drag an eligible upstream entity from the list
of eligible entities on the right and drop it on
To add an upstream entity dependency
the top half of the entity in the center of the
page.
Drag an eligible downstream entity from the
list of eligible entities on the right and drop it
To add a downstream entity dependency
on the bottom half of the entity in the center
of the page.
The entities are removed from the right menu when moved to the center of the page.
Delete entity dependencies using the GRC: Workbench
When deleting entity dependencies, only the relationship between the entities is deleted. The
entities themselves remain unmodified.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2620
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Model Setup tab at the top, then select the Dependency Map tab below it.
3. Search for and select the desired entity from the list on the left.
After selecting an entity from the left, the entity is displayed in the center with its direct
upstream and downstream dependencies.
4.In the center tree, point to the upstream or downstream risk that should be disassociated from
the selected center risk.
As you point to the risk, a delete icon appears, click the delete icon.
5. Click Delete in the confirmation dialog to confirm the deletion of the relationship.
Note: Only the relationship between the entities is deleted. The entities themselves
remain unmodified.
Delete an entity class using the GRC: Workbench
Deleting an entioty class, deletes all relationships below it.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Model Setup tab at the top, and select the Dependency Model tab.
3. Select the desired entity class from the list on the left.
After selecting an entity from the left, the entity is displayed in the center with its direct
upstream and downstream dependencies.
4.Click the delete icon to the right of the entity class name.
5. In the deletion confirmation pop-up, click Delete.
Deleting the entity class deletes all relationships below it.
Create a risk using the GRC: Workbench
Risk managers can create risks directly from the GRC: Workbench.
Before you begin
Role required: sn._risk.admin or sn.risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Risk Dependencies tab at the top, then select the Relationships tab below it.
3. On the left, in the Risks section, click Create Risk.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk form
Field Description
Name Name for the risk. Field is auto-populated if
the risk is generated from a risk statement,
but can be changed without affecting the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2621
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |

Field Description
relationship between the risk and risk
statement.
Number Unique identification number. This field is
automatically populated.
State Risk state. Possible choices are:
◦Draft In this state, all risk users can modify
the risk. Only available when creating
a one-off control. One-off controls are
possible but not recommended.
◦Attest When the risk is created from a risk
statement, controls are in this state.
Note: When a risk is set back to
draft, the assessment is canceled.
◦Review Risks are automatically moved to
review from the assessment phase.
◦Monitor In this state, all risk managers can
move the risk from review to monitor.
◦Retired Risk managers or administrators
can move a risk from Monitor to Retired.
Indicators do not run when the risk is in this
state.
Note: When a risk is retired, any
assessment associated with it is
canceled.
Owning group Owning group for the risk.
Category Category of risk which applies to the profile.
◦Legal
◦Financial
◦Operational
◦Reputational
◦Legal/Regulatory
◦Credit
◦Market
◦IT
Field is auto-populated if risk is generated
from a risk statement.
Owner Owner for the risk.
Note: The owner is always added as a
respondent.
Statement Statement this risk is associated with.
Entity Entity related to the risk.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2622
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | relationship between the risk and risk statement. |
| Number | Unique identification number. This field is automatically populated. |
| State | Risk state. Possible choices are: ◦Draft In this state, all risk users can modify the risk. Only available when creating a one-off control. One-off controls are possible but not recommended. ◦Attest When the risk is created from a risk statement, controls are in this state. Note: When a risk is set back to draft, the assessment is canceled. ◦Review Risks are automatically moved to review from the assessment phase. ◦Monitor In this state, all risk managers can move the risk from review to monitor. ◦Retired Risk managers or administrators can move a risk from Monitor to Retired. Indicators do not run when the risk is in this state. Note: When a risk is retired, any assessment associated with it is canceled. |
| Owning group | Owning group for the risk. |
| Category | Category of risk which applies to the profile. ◦Legal ◦Financial ◦Operational ◦Reputational ◦Legal/Regulatory ◦Credit ◦Market ◦IT Field is auto-populated if risk is generated from a risk statement. |
| Owner | Owner for the risk. Note: The owner is always added as a respondent. |
| Statement | Statement this risk is associated with. |

Field Description
Note: Only active entities are shown.
Description Description of the risk and how it is a threat to
the organization.
Additional Information More details that help others understand the
risk record.
5. Click the Assessment tab.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Scoring form
Field Description
Assessment Assessment to attach to this risk.
Assessment respondents Users assigned to the assessment of this risk.
Note: Only a user with the sn_grc.user
role can be added as a respondent.
When both the Assessment and Assessment respondents fields are set, assessments are
created when you click Assess.
7.Click the Scoring tab.
8.On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Scoring form
Field Description
Inherent SLE Monetary value of a risk if it occurs before
any mitigation strategies are in place.
Residual SLE Monetary value of a risk if it occurs after all
mitigation strategies are in place.
Inherent ARO Probability that a risk occurs in any given year
before any mitigation strategies are in place.
Residual ARO Probability that a risk will occur in any given
year after all mitigation strategies are in place.
Inherent ALE Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x
ARO before any mitigation strategies are in
place.
Residual ALE Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x
ARO after all mitigation strategies are in place.
Inherent score The score of the risk before any mitigation
strategies are in place.
Residual score The score of the risk after all mitigation
strategies are in place.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2623
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: Only active entities are shown. |
| Description | Description of the risk and how it is a threat to the organization. |
| Additional Information | More details that help others understand the risk record. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assessment | Assessment to attach to this risk. |
| Assessment respondents | Users assigned to the assessment of this risk. Note: Only a user with the sn_grc.user role can be added as a respondent. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Inherent SLE | Monetary value of a risk if it occurs before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual SLE | Monetary value of a risk if it occurs after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent ARO | Probability that a risk occurs in any given year before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual ARO | Probability that a risk will occur in any given year after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent ALE | Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x ARO before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual ALE | Annualized loss expectancy ALE = SLE x ARO after all mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Inherent score | The score of the risk before any mitigation strategies are in place. |
| Residual score | The score of the risk after all mitigation strategies are in place. |

Field Description
Calculated ALE Annualized loss expectancy based off all
calculations.
Calculated score The corresponding score for the calculated
ALE.
9.Click the Response tab.
10.On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Response form
Field Description
Response
◦Accept
◦Avoid
◦Mitigate
◦Transfer
Justification Enter a reasonable justification for the
selected response
11. Click the Monitoring tab.
Risk Monitoring form
Field Description
Control compliance Percentage of compliant controls
Control non-compliance Percentage of non-compliant controls
Control failure factor Sum of failed controls weighting divided by
total controls weighting
Indicator failure factor Uses the last result of each associated
indicator. Number of last results failed divided
by total number of indicators associated.
Calculated risk factor This value is calculated from (Indicator
failure factor + Control
failure factor) / 2.
12. Click the Activity Journal tab.
13.Enter additional comments, as necessary.
14.Click Submit.
The risk is created and centered in the middle of the page. Also, the risk is selected on the
right.
Visualize and edit risk dependencies using the GRC: Workbench
The GRC: Workbench gives GRC administrators a graphical interface to create risk
dependencies. These relationships enable consistent entity and risk mapping and modeling
across the enterprise.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2624
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Calculated ALE | Annualized loss expectancy based off all calculations. |
| Calculated score | The corresponding score for the calculated ALE. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Response | ◦Accept ◦Avoid ◦Mitigate ◦Transfer |
| Justification | Enter a reasonable justification for the selected response |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Control compliance | Percentage of compliant controls |
| Control non-compliance | Percentage of non-compliant controls |
| Control failure factor | Sum of failed controls weighting divided by total controls weighting |
| Indicator failure factor | Uses the last result of each associated indicator. Number of last results failed divided by total number of indicators associated. |
| Calculated risk factor | This value is calculated from (Indicator failure factor + Control failure factor) / 2. |

| failure factor + Control |
| --- |
| failure factor) / 2 |
