### Monitor risks using GRC Performance Analytics Indicators

*Pages 227–230*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Risk Dependencies tab at the top, then select the Relationships tab below it.
3. Search for and select a risk from the list on the left.
Risks are organized hierarchically by entity class, then by entity.
4.After selecting a risk from the left, the risk is displayed in the center with its direct upstream
and downstream dependencies.
On the right, eligible risks that can be added as upstream or downstream dependencies are
listed.
5. Perform one of the following actions.
Option Description
Drag an eligible upstream risk from the list of
To add an upstream risk dependency eligible risks on the right and drop it on the
top half of the risk in the center of the page.
Drag an eligible downstream risk from the
list of eligible risks on the right and drop it on
To add a downstream risk dependency
the bottom half of the risk in the center of the
page.
Delete risk dependencies using the GRC: Workbench
When deleting risk dependencies, only the relationship between the risks is deleted. The risks
themselves remain unmodified.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to https://myCompany.service-now.com/$grc_workbench.do.
2. Select the Risk Dependencies tab at the top, then select the Relationships tab below it.
3. Search for and select a risk from the list on the left.
Risks are organized hierarchically by entity class, then by entity.
4.In the center tree, point to the upstream or downstream risk that should be disassociated from
the selected center risk.
As you point to the risk, a delete icon appears, click the delete icon.
5. Click Delete in the confirmation dialog to confirm the deletion of the relationship.
Note: Only the relationship between the risks is deleted. The risks themselves remain
unmodified.
Monitor risks using GRC Performance Analytics Indicators
You can link Risk Management risk statement and risks to Performance Analytics indicators,
breakdowns and thresholds. You can associate Performance Analytics indicators with risk
statements, and risks to view scorecards and trends and analyze current conditions and trends.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2625
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

The risks and controls associated with a PA indicator or PA indicator/breakdown/element
automatically monitor any PA threshold with the same PA indicator or PA indicator, breakdown, or
element relationship. Any PA threshold breach is reported at the risk or control and Performance
Analytics indicators relationship level within a breach counter.
PA threshold breach impact
When a risk or control and Performance Analytics indicators relationship breach counter is
different than zero (for example, a PA threshold with the same PA indicator or PA indicator,
breakdown, or element relationship has breached), and if no opened issue exists, then an issue
is created which is associated to the risk or control. Also for risks, the Indicator failure factor
represents the number of risk and Performance Analytics indicators relationships with a breach
counter different than zero.
Reset all PA Indicator breach counters
Reset breach counters associated to a risk or control by clicking Reset all PA Indicator breach
counters or opening the specific relationship and clicking Reset Breach Counter.
GRC PA indicator breach reports
There are two reports for the reporting of breaches:
•Risk PA Indicator Breaches
•Control PA Indicator Breaches
Activate GRC: Performance Analytics Integration
The GRC: Performance Analytics Integration plugin provides an integration between
Performance Analytics and the Risk Management and Policy and Compliance Management
applications. This plugin provides more insight into organizational risk and compliance
performance.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
This plugin includes demo data and activates related plugins if they are not already active.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the plugin using the filter criteria and search bar.
You can search for the plugin by its name or ID. If you cannot find a plugin, you might have to
request it from ServiceNow personnel.
3. Select Install to start the installation process.
Note: When domain separation and delegated admin are enabled in an instance, the
administrative user must be in the global domain. Otherwise, the following error appears:
Application installation is unavailable because another
operation is running: Plugin Activation for <plugin name>.
You will see a message after installation is completed. For information about the components
installed with a plugin, see Find components installed with an application .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2626
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

What to do next
After activating the GRC: Performance Analytics Integration plugin on an instance with
customized related lists on content (risk or control objective) or items (risk or control), you may
have to manually add the PA Indicator to content relationships and/or the PA indicator to item
relationships.
Related topics
List of plugins
Associate a PA indicator with a risk statement or control objective
You can associate Performance Analytics indicators with risk statements and policy statements
to analyze trends related to the risk or policy.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Control objectives.
◦All > Risk > Risk Library > Risk Statements.
2. Open a risk statement or control objective.
3. In the PA Indicators related list, click New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
PA Indicators form
Field Description
PA Indicator The performance analytics indicator to
associate the Risk Statement or control
objective with.
5. Click Submit.
On the risk statement or control objective form, in the PA Indicators related list, you see the
associated indicator. You can optionally click View Indicator on the desired indicator to see
the Performance Analytics scorecard of the indicator. The PA Indicator associations are carried
over to all risks or controls associated to the original risk statement or control objective. Also,
if the indicator has a breakdown that matches the risk or entity of the control (for example a
Business Service breakdown), the Breakdown and Element fields for the relationship are
automatically filled in.
Associate a PA indicator with risks and controls
You can associate Performance Analytics indicators with risks and controls to analyze trends
related to the entity that risk or control belongs to.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_compliance.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2627
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| PA Indicator | The performance analytics indicator to associate the Risk Statement or control objective with. |

Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Controls > All Controls.
◦Risk > Risk Register > All Risks.
2. Open a risk or control.
3. In the PA Indicators related list, click New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
PA Indicators form
Field Description
PA Indicator Performance analytics indicator to associate
the Risk or Control with.
Breakdown Break down to view a specific trend based on
the breakdown element.
Element Break down element to view a particular trend
and scorecard.
Note: This field depends on the
Breakdown field being populated.
When visible, it is mandatory.
5. Click Submit.
On the Risk or Control form, in the PA Indicators related list, you see the associated indicator.
You can optionally click View Indicator on the desired indicator to see the Performance
Analytics scorecard of the indicator.
Update associated GRC indicators for a set of items
You can update all the items belonging to a GRC content record so each item is individually
related to the PA indicator.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Control Objectives.
◦All > Risk > Risk Library > Risk Statements.
2. Open a Risk Statement or Control Objective that has an associated Performance Analytics
Indicator.
3. Click the Update PA Relationships related link.
All the risks or controls related to the risk statement or policy statement are automatically
associated with all the risk statement or policy indicators of the statement. Also, if the indicator
has a breakdown that matches the risk or entity of the control (for example a Business Service
breakdown), the Breakdown and Element fields for the relationship are automatically filled in.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2628
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| PA Indicator | Performance analytics indicator to associate the Risk or Control with. |
| Breakdown | Break down to view a specific trend based on the breakdown element. |
| Element | Break down element to view a particular trend and scorecard. Note: This field depends on the Breakdown field being populated. When visible, it is mandatory. |
