### Create a GRC indicator template

*Pages 231–233*

Create a GRC indicator template
Compliance or risk managers create indicator templates from which many indicators can be
created.
Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
•sn_risk.admin or sn_risk.manager
•sn_audit.admin or sn_audit.manager
•sn_grc.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicator Templates.
◦All > Risk > Indicators > Indicator Templates.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator template form
Field Description
Name Name of the indicator.
Description Description of the indicator.
Category Category for which you’re creating an
indicator template. For example, select Risk
Indicator Template to create a risk indicator
template.
Active Option that determines whether the indicator
template is active.
Method
Type The method used to determine the type
of indicator template. The choices are as
follows:
◦Manual: Manual indicators are used
for data that cannot be retrieved from a
ServiceNow instance because it comes
from an external system, such as customer
data from a third-party sales system.
◦Basic: Basic indicators are automated
indicators based on an indicator source.
The indicator source specifies a table and
a frequency at which the scores from this
table are saved.
◦Script: Scripted indicators use a custom
script to collect the data.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2629
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the indicator. |
| Description | Description of the indicator. |
| Category | Category for which you’re creating an indicator template. For example, select Risk Indicator Template to create a risk indicator template. |
| Active | Option that determines whether the indicator template is active. |
| Method |  |
| Type | The method used to determine the type of indicator template. The choices are as follows: ◦Manual: Manual indicators are used for data that cannot be retrieved from a ServiceNow instance because it comes from an external system, such as customer data from a third-party sales system. ◦Basic: Basic indicators are automated indicators based on an indicator source. The indicator source specifies a table and a frequency at which the scores from this table are saved. ◦Script: Scripted indicators use a custom script to collect the data. |

Field Description
Result if the value meets or exceeds the Result configuration field. The choices are as
target value follows:
◦Passed
◦Failed
For example, assume you enter 100 in this
field. If the indicator result output is more
than 100, then the indicator status will pass
or fail based on the value configured in this
field.
Target Type Type of the target value. The choices are as
follows:
◦None: Use this option if you do not want
to set up any target or threshold for the
indicator.
◦Percentage: Use this option to determine
the indicator result by a percentage value.
◦Count: Use this option to determine the
indicator result by a count value or total
number.
Target The value that determines if the indicator
should pass or fail.
Instructions Additional instructions for the template.
Value mandatory Option to decide if a value must be
compulsory in the indicator task for a manual
indicator.
Note: This option appears only if
Manual is selected from the Type field.
This option is automatically selected if
Count or the Percentage is selected
from the Target type field.
Supporting Data
Note: Starting with version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data
records from the indicator results or indicator tasks are displayed. Earlier, only the real-
time state of the records collected could be viewed.
Collect supporting data Option to enable collecting supporting data
or evidence every time the indicator runs.
Table Table used for collecting supporting data.
Supporting data fields Fields of the source table to be used for
collecting the supporting data.
Sample collection type Type of supporting data collection, such as
count or percentage.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2630
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Result if the value meets or exceeds the target value | Result configuration field. The choices are as follows: ◦Passed ◦Failed For example, assume you enter 100 in this field. If the indicator result output is more than 100, then the indicator status will pass or fail based on the value configured in this field. |
| Target Type | Type of the target value. The choices are as follows: ◦None: Use this option if you do not want to set up any target or threshold for the indicator. ◦Percentage: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a percentage value. ◦Count: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a count value or total number. |
| Target | The value that determines if the indicator should pass or fail. |
| Instructions | Additional instructions for the template. |
| Value mandatory | Option to decide if a value must be compulsory in the indicator task for a manual indicator. Note: This option appears only if Manual is selected from the Type field. This option is automatically selected if Count or the Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Supporting Data |  |
| Note: Starting with version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks are displayed. Earlier, only the real- time state of the records collected could be viewed. |  |
| Collect supporting data | Option to enable collecting supporting data or evidence every time the indicator runs. |
| Table | Table used for collecting supporting data. |
| Supporting data fields | Fields of the source table to be used for collecting the supporting data. |
| Sample collection type | Type of supporting data collection, such as count or percentage. |

Field Description
Sample size Minimum number of records that must be
used for collecting supporting data.
For example, a basic indicator could query a
large table, returning thousands of records
with each indicator execution. You do not
need to save all of them; just a sample of
those records. If you enter a sample size of
100, only 100 records are saved, even though
the query returned thousands.
Basic Criteria
Criteria Criteria to filter the data from the source table.
Use reference field Option to enable the use of the Reference
field.
Reference field Connection between the supporting data
table and the Applies to record field of the
entity.
Additional Criteria
To create indicators with targets, use the advanced filter criteria. This section appears only
when you select Basic from the Type field. This section is used to provide more filter criteria.
Additional criteria More criteria to filter the data to calculate the
target value. This section only appears when
Percentage is selected from the Target type
field.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
First run date First collection time for indicator results. This
field is automatically set based on when an
indicator or an indicator template runs for
the first time. The value in this field can't be
modified.
Next run date Next run time to collect indicator results of
all downstream indicators for this indicator
template.
Due date duration (days) Due date duration in days between the
creation and due date of the indicator task
and generation of its results.
The due date duration added to the creation
date reflects as the Due date of the indicator
task.
This field appears only when Manual is
selected from the Type field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2631
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Sample size | Minimum number of records that must be used for collecting supporting data. For example, a basic indicator could query a large table, returning thousands of records with each indicator execution. You do not need to save all of them; just a sample of those records. If you enter a sample size of 100, only 100 records are saved, even though the query returned thousands. |
| Basic Criteria |  |
| Criteria | Criteria to filter the data from the source table. |
| Use reference field | Option to enable the use of the Reference field. |
| Reference field | Connection between the supporting data table and the Applies to record field of the entity. |
| Additional Criteria |  |
| To create indicators with targets, use the advanced filter criteria. This section appears only when you select Basic from the Type field. This section is used to provide more filter criteria. |  |
| Additional criteria | More criteria to filter the data to calculate the target value. This section only appears when Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| First run date | First collection time for indicator results. This field is automatically set based on when an indicator or an indicator template runs for the first time. The value in this field can't be modified. |
| Next run date | Next run time to collect indicator results of all downstream indicators for this indicator template. |
