### Create a risk indicator

*Pages 234–236*

Field Description
For more information, see Performance
enhancements for Indicator nightly job.
4.When you have completed these entries, you can also view information on the following
related lists:
◦Control Objectives/Risk Statements
◦Content References
Note: The Control Objectives/Risk Statements tab enables you to reuse the same
template for multiple control objectives or risk statements, or both of them.
5. Select Submit.
Create a risk indicator
Create a risk indicator to identify the possibility of a future adverse impact on your organization.
Indicators are an early warning system, and they enable you to take preventative action on the
risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_risk.admin
About this task
Generally, indicators are automatically created using the normal process of indicator templates.
You can also manually create new indicators. You can also create an indicator by using an
indicator template. When you relate an indicator template to a risk statement, the risk indicators
are automatically generated.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Indicators > Indicators.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator form
Field Description
Category Category of the indicator. For example, select
Risk Indicator to create a risk indicator.
Inherit from template Option to create the indicator from an
existing template.
Template Template used to create the indicator. This
field appears only if the Inherit from template
option is selected.
Override template Option to override the template's properties
such as the name of the indicator.
Name Name of the indicator. If you select a template
in the Template field, then this field is
automatically set to the template name.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2632
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For more information, see Performance enhancements for Indicator nightly job. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Category | Category of the indicator. For example, select Risk Indicator to create a risk indicator. |
| Inherit from template | Option to create the indicator from an existing template. |
| Template | Template used to create the indicator. This field appears only if the Inherit from template option is selected. |
| Override template | Option to override the template's properties such as the name of the indicator. |
| Name | Name of the indicator. If you select a template in the Template field, then this field is automatically set to the template name. |

Field Description
Description Brief description of the indicator. This field is
automatically set if you select a template in
the Template field.
Entity Entity used to filter risks.
Applies to record Record that the entity applies to.
Risk Filtered risk that is related to the indicator.
Note: If you have selected an indicator
template, then the risk is also filtered
based on the template.
Owning group Group that owns the indicator.
Owner Owner of the indicator. This field is
automatically set to the owner's name based
on the risk.
Method
Type Method used to determine the type of
indicator. The choices are as follows:
◦Manual: Manual indicators are used
for data that cannot be retrieved from a
ServiceNow instance because it comes
from an external system, such as customer
data from a third-party sales system.
◦Basic: Basic indicators are automated
indicators based on an indicator source.
The indicator source specifies a table and
a frequency at which the scores from this
table are saved.
◦Script: Scripted indicators use a custom
script to collect the data.
Target type Type of the target value. The choices are as
follows:
◦None: Use this option if you do not want
to set up any target or threshold for the
indicator.
◦Percentage: Use this option to determine
the indicator result by a percentage value.
◦Count: Use this option to determine the
indicator result by a count value or total
number.
Value mandatory Option to decide if a value must be
compulsory in the indicator task for a manual
indicator.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2633
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Brief description of the indicator. This field is automatically set if you select a template in the Template field. |
| Entity | Entity used to filter risks. |
| Applies to record | Record that the entity applies to. |
| Risk | Filtered risk that is related to the indicator. Note: If you have selected an indicator template, then the risk is also filtered based on the template. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the indicator. |
| Owner | Owner of the indicator. This field is automatically set to the owner's name based on the risk. |
| Method |  |
| Type | Method used to determine the type of indicator. The choices are as follows: ◦Manual: Manual indicators are used for data that cannot be retrieved from a ServiceNow instance because it comes from an external system, such as customer data from a third-party sales system. ◦Basic: Basic indicators are automated indicators based on an indicator source. The indicator source specifies a table and a frequency at which the scores from this table are saved. ◦Script: Scripted indicators use a custom script to collect the data. |
| Target type | Type of the target value. The choices are as follows: ◦None: Use this option if you do not want to set up any target or threshold for the indicator. ◦Percentage: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a percentage value. ◦Count: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a count value or total number. |

Field Description
Note: This option appears only if
Manual is selected from the Type field.
This option is automatically selected
when Count or Percentage is selected
from the Target type field.
Target Value to determine if the indicator will pass or
fail.
Result based on target value Result configuration field. The choices are as
follows:
◦Passed
◦Failed
For example, assume you enter 100 in this
field. If the indicator result output is more
than 100, then the indicator status will pass
or fail based on the value configured in this
field.
Instructions for collecting data More instructions on how to collect data.
Supporting Data
Note: Starting with version 10.1, the system displays the actual historical data for the
supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks.
Collect supporting data Option to enable collecting supporting data
or evidence every time the indicator runs.
Source table Table used for collecting supporting data.
Supporting data fields Fields of the source table that are used for
collecting the supporting data.
Sample size Minimum number of records that must be
used for collecting supporting data.
Basic Criteria
To filter the data on the source table, use the basic criteria. This section appears only when
Manual or Basic is selected from the Type field.
Criteria Criteria to filter the data from the source table.
Use reference field Option to enable the use of the Reference
field.
Reference field Connection between the supporting data
table and the Applies to record field of the
entity.
Additional Criteria
To create indicators with targets, use the advanced filter criteria. This section appears only
when you select Basic from the Type field. This section is used to provide more filter criteria.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2634
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: This option appears only if Manual is selected from the Type field. This option is automatically selected when Count or Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Target | Value to determine if the indicator will pass or fail. |
| Result based on target value | Result configuration field. The choices are as follows: ◦Passed ◦Failed For example, assume you enter 100 in this field. If the indicator result output is more than 100, then the indicator status will pass or fail based on the value configured in this field. |
| Instructions for collecting data | More instructions on how to collect data. |
| Supporting Data |  |
| Note: Starting with version 10.1, the system displays the actual historical data for the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks. |  |
| Collect supporting data | Option to enable collecting supporting data or evidence every time the indicator runs. |
| Source table | Table used for collecting supporting data. |
| Supporting data fields | Fields of the source table that are used for collecting the supporting data. |
| Sample size | Minimum number of records that must be used for collecting supporting data. |
| Basic Criteria |  |
| To filter the data on the source table, use the basic criteria. This section appears only when Manual or Basic is selected from the Type field. |  |
| Criteria | Criteria to filter the data from the source table. |
| Use reference field | Option to enable the use of the Reference field. |
| Reference field | Connection between the supporting data table and the Applies to record field of the entity. |
| Additional Criteria |  |
| To create indicators with targets, use the advanced filter criteria. This section appears only when you select Basic from the Type field. This section is used to provide more filter criteria. |  |
