### View the Risk Overview

*Pages 237–237*

Field Description
Additional criteria More criteria to filter the data to calculate the
target value. This section only appears when
Percentage is selected from the Target type
field.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
Next run time Next collection time for indicator results. This
field is automatically set based on the value
in the Collection frequency field.
Results
Status Status of the indicator to show whether the
indicator passed or failed.
Previous status Previous status of the indicator to show
whether the indicator passed or failed.
4.Click Submit.
Result
The risk indicator is created and is ready to be executed.
View the Risk Overview
The Risk Overview is contained in the Risk Management application and provides an executive
view, allowing risk managers to quickly identify areas of concern by pinpointing entities with
known high risk.
The Risk Overview contains the following reports in the base system.
Risk Overview
Name Visual Description
Inherent Risk
Residual Risk
Inherent Annual Loss Exposures
Residual Annual Loss Exposures
Risk Issues by Framework
(Opened Date)
Risks by Response
Risk Expectations
Profile Drop down Select one or many profiles to view and
list compare their risks.
GRC - Risk States Check Select one or many risk states to view and
boxes compare.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2635
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Additional criteria | More criteria to filter the data to calculate the target value. This section only appears when Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| Next run time | Next collection time for indicator results. This field is automatically set based on the value in the Collection frequency field. |
| Results |  |
| Status | Status of the indicator to show whether the indicator passed or failed. |
| Previous status | Previous status of the indicator to show whether the indicator passed or failed. |

| Name | Visual | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Inherent Risk |  |  |
| Residual Risk |  |  |
| Inherent Annual Loss Exposures |  |  |
| Residual Annual Loss Exposures |  |  |
| Risk Issues by Framework (Opened Date) |  |  |
| Risks by Response |  |  |
| Risk Expectations |  |  |
| Profile | Drop down list | Select one or many profiles to view and compare their risks. |
| GRC - Risk States | Check boxes | Select one or many risk states to view and compare. |
