### Create a risk framework in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 238–242*

Risk Overview (continued)
Name Visual Description
Risks by Category
Very High Risk Single Displays the number of very high risks.
Score
High Risk Single Displays the number of high risks.
Score
Moderate Risk Single Displays the number of moderate risks.
Score
Low Risk Single Displays the number of low risks.
Score
Very Low Risk Single Displays the number of very low risks.
Score
Inherent Risk Heatmap
Residual Risk Heatmap
Using the Risk Workspace
Starting with Version 13.0.5, a new workspace has been introduced for the Risk Management
application. The new workspace provides you with an improved User Experience (UX) and a
simplified user journey.
Create a risk framework in the Risk Workspace
Create risk frameworks to group risk statements into manageable categories and generate risks.
After the risks are generated, you can identify methods to mitigate them.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > Library > Risk frameworks.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Risk Framework form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number.
Active Option to indicate whether the risk framework is active.
Note: If a risk framework is made inactive or retired, all the associate
risk statements and risk records are also deactivated.
Name Name of the risk framework.
Description Description of the risk framework.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2636
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Visual | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Risks by Category |  |  |
| Very High Risk | Single Score | Displays the number of very high risks. |
| High Risk | Single Score | Displays the number of high risks. |
| Moderate Risk | Single Score | Displays the number of moderate risks. |
| Low Risk | Single Score | Displays the number of low risks. |
| Very Low Risk | Single Score | Displays the number of very low risks. |
| Inherent Risk Heatmap |  |  |
| Residual Risk Heatmap |  |  |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Active | Option to indicate whether the risk framework is active. Note: If a risk framework is made inactive or retired, all the associate risk statements and risk records are also deactivated. |
| Name | Name of the risk framework. |
| Description | Description of the risk framework. |

Field Description
Additional Additional information for this risk framework.
information
4.Click Save.
5. To add entities from entity types, click the Entity types related list.
a.Click Add.
b.Select the entity types.
c.Click Add.
6.To add risk statements, click the Risk Statements related list and do one of the following.
Choice Steps
a.Click Add
To add an existing risk statement b.Select the risk statement.
c.Click Add.
a.Click New.
b.Select the risk statement and fill in the form.
To create a risk statement
For more information, see Create a risk
statement in the Risk Workspace.
c.Click Add.
Result
The new risk framework is created.
Create a risk statement in the Risk Workspace
Create risk statements to group risks into manageable categories.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin
About this task
When you create a risk statement, you can associate entity types or add additional entities to
generate risks.
Note: When any of the following risk statement fields changes: Name, Description,
Reference, Category, Type, Classification, and Attestation, all the associated controls and
risks are updated, and their state is set back to Draft. All the associated risk assessments
also get canceled.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk Workspace > Library > Risk statements.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2637
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Additional information | Additional information for this risk framework. |

| Choice | Steps |
| --- | --- |

Risk Statement form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk statement.
Description Description of the risk statement.
Parent Parent risk statement. You can define the hierarchy using this field.
Framework Framework this risk statement is associated with.
Note: This field only appears if the Migrate to Advanced Risk
Assessment property is enabled. For more information, see Risk score
rollup in Advanced Risk Assessment
Category Category of the risk statement. The choices are as follows:
◦Legal
◦Financial
◦Operational
◦Reputational
◦Legal/Regulatory
◦Credit
◦Market
◦IT
◦Project
Level Level at which the risk statement is created. For example, if the risk statement
has a parent and a grandparent, then the level of this new risk statement will be
3.
Assessment Risk assessment template to be assigned to this risk statement. An
assessment template is a questionnaire that is used for assessing a risk.
Note: This field appears when you use classic risk with enabling the
advanced risk property.
Issue group Issue group rule assigned to this risk statement for reporting. The purpose
rule of the issue group rule is to group similar issues together into a parent issue
based on conditions defined in the rule. This feature enables you to work on
the similar issues at once and close out the parent issue once resolved, which
will close out all the child issues.
Additional Additional information for this risk statement.
information
4.To fill in the fields for the risk appetite section, see Define the risk appetite for a risk statement.
5. If you're using classic risk, in the Default Scores section, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2638
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk statement. |
| Description | Description of the risk statement. |
| Parent | Parent risk statement. You can define the hierarchy using this field. |
| Framework | Framework this risk statement is associated with. Note: This field only appears if the Migrate to Advanced Risk Assessment property is enabled. For more information, see Risk score rollup in Advanced Risk Assessment |
| Category | Category of the risk statement. The choices are as follows: ◦Legal ◦Financial ◦Operational ◦Reputational ◦Legal/Regulatory ◦Credit ◦Market ◦IT ◦Project |
| Level | Level at which the risk statement is created. For example, if the risk statement has a parent and a grandparent, then the level of this new risk statement will be 3. |
| Assessment | Risk assessment template to be assigned to this risk statement. An assessment template is a questionnaire that is used for assessing a risk. Note: This field appears when you use classic risk with enabling the advanced risk property. |
| Issue group rule | Issue group rule assigned to this risk statement for reporting. The purpose of the issue group rule is to group similar issues together into a parent issue based on conditions defined in the rule. This feature enables you to work on the similar issues at once and close out the parent issue once resolved, which will close out all the child issues. |
| Additional information | Additional information for this risk statement. |

Field Description
Inherent SLE Single-loss expectancy (SLE) is the monetary
value expected from the occurrence of a risk
on an asset if there are no controls to check
the event.
Residual SLE Monetary value expected from the
occurrence of a risk on an asset if there are
controls to check the event.
Inherent ARO Annualized rate of occurrence (ARO) is an
estimated frequency of the threat occurring
in one year. ARO is used to calculate
annualized loss expectancy (ALE). The value
in this field indicates the likelihood of the
event occurring if there are no controls to
check the event.
Residual ARO The value in this field indicates the likelihood
of the event occurring if there are controls to
check the event.
6.If you're using classic risk with the advanced risk plugin activated, in the Risk Rollup and
Tolerance section, fill in the fields.
Field Description
Expected ALE ALE refers to the product of the ARO and the
SLE. Expected ALE is the expected value of
the ALE for the risk statement. Enter currency
and amount for the expected ALE.
Note: This value must be less than or
equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE.
Sum of calculated ALE This calculation is based on the sum of
calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Maximum calculated ALE This calculation is based on the maximum
of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Maximum acceptable ALE Threshold value for the ALE for the risk
statement.
Note: This value must be greater than
or equal to the Expected ALE. This
value has an impact on the Tolerance
status field.
Average calculated ALE This calculation is based on the average of
calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2639
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Inherent SLE | Single-loss expectancy (SLE) is the monetary value expected from the occurrence of a risk on an asset if there are no controls to check the event. |
| Residual SLE | Monetary value expected from the occurrence of a risk on an asset if there are controls to check the event. |
| Inherent ARO | Annualized rate of occurrence (ARO) is an estimated frequency of the threat occurring in one year. ARO is used to calculate annualized loss expectancy (ALE). The value in this field indicates the likelihood of the event occurring if there are no controls to check the event. |
| Residual ARO | The value in this field indicates the likelihood of the event occurring if there are controls to check the event. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Expected ALE | ALE refers to the product of the ARO and the SLE. Expected ALE is the expected value of the ALE for the risk statement. Enter currency and amount for the expected ALE. Note: This value must be less than or equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE. |
| Sum of calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the sum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Maximum calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the maximum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Maximum acceptable ALE | Threshold value for the ALE for the risk statement. Note: This value must be greater than or equal to the Expected ALE. This value has an impact on the Tolerance status field. |

Field Description
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Minimum calculated ALE This calculation is based on the minimum
of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Tolerance Status Overall risk status. This field appears when
the other ALE fields are populated.
Calculated Score The corresponding score for the calculated
ALE:
◦Low
◦Med
◦High
7.In the Basel Categorization section, select the Basel Categories Hierarchy.
The Basel categories are as follows:
◦Internal Fraud: misappropriation of assets, tax evasion, intentional mismarking of positions,
bribery.
◦External Fraud: theft of information, hacking damage, third-party theft, and forgery.
◦Employment Practices and Workplace Safety: discrimination, workers' compensation,
employee health, and safety.
◦Clients, Products, and Business Practice: market manipulation, antitrust, improper trade,
product defects, breaches, account churning.
◦Damage to Physical Assets: natural disasters, terrorism, vandalism.
◦Business Disruption and Systems Failures: utility disruptions, software failures, hardware
failures.
◦Execution, Delivery, and Process Management: data entry errors, accounting errors, failed
required reporting, negligent loss of client assets.
8.Click Save.
9.To add entity types, click the Entity types related list.
a.Click Add.
b.Select the entity types to add.
c.Click Add.
10.To add additional entities, click the Additional entities related list.
a.Click Add.
b.Select the entities to add.
c.Click Add.
11. Click Save.
Result
The risk statement is created.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2640
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Minimum calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the minimum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Tolerance Status | Overall risk status. This field appears when the other ALE fields are populated. |
| Calculated Score | The corresponding score for the calculated ALE: ◦Low ◦Med ◦High |
