### Associate a risk statement with a control objective in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 243–243*

What to do next
You can continue to add control objectives, indicator templates, and information objects to
the risk statement. You can also now assess the risks that are generated in the Risks tab. You
can also view the hierarchy of the risks statement on the risk statement side bar. To view the
complete risk profile at a glance, click the Overview tab.
Associate a risk statement with a control objective in the Risk Workspace
Associate risk statements to control objectives in the Risk Workspace. This association helps you
to manage your risks by ensuring that the risks have mitigating controls.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_compliance.manager
About this task
When a control objective and risk statement are associated and the control entity matches the
risk entity, the risk-control association is created. This association helps in mitigating the risks
and threats.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. In the Risk Workspace, select the list icon.
3. Navigate to Library > Control objectives.
4.Select and open the required control objective.
5. Select the Risk statements related list.
a.Select Add.
b.Select the risk statements that you want to add.
c.Select Add.
d. Select Save.
Result
The risks associated with the risk statement automatically inherit the controls associated with the
control objectives with matching entities.
Common controls in Risk Management
By linking the risks to a common control in the Risk Management application, you can reduce
the time and effort that is needed to manage and apply these centralized controls to your reliant
entities. For example, a fire sprinkler system can be a common control for multiple business units
(BUs), such as finance, security, and human resources (HR).
Overview of common controls
Every organization has multiple (BUs) and shared functions, such as information technology (IT),
HR, and finance. These shared functions define the policies and controls that the BUs can use
to meet the regulatory requirements or to manage the risks in their BUs. Multiple BUs can use
common controls that are owned and managed by a different department or team. This process
enables an organization to maintain centralized control over certain processes while each BU
can take advantage of these common controls. For more information on common controls, see
Common Controls.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2641
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
