### Create and run a manual risk indicator in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 244–246*

To mitigate the risks in the reliant entities, a risk owner can link their risks to the common
controls. By linking the risk, a risk owner can reduce the effort that is required to attest and test
these common controls for the reliant entities.
Benefits of common controls
A common control has the following benefits:
•You spend less time and effort to manage a common control because you can test and apply a
common control to all your reliant entities.
•You only need to manage the active controls, so the overall reporting of the controls is
improved.
Common controls in a risk
If a control objective and risk statement are associated and the reliant entity of the control
matches the risk entity, the risk-control association is established automatically. You can also
inherit common controls to a risk when the risk entity is marked as a reliant entity in a common
control. Any changes to the risk statement and the control's objective relationship can impact the
risk-control association as well.
Note: Only active relationships between risks and controls are maintained and any
historic relationships are automatically deleted.
Common controls in a risk assessment
You can inherit common controls in the risk assessment when the entity is marked as a reliant
entity in the common control.
Common controls in a risk-mitigation task
You can inherit the common controls to a risk-mitigating task when the entity is marked as a
reliant entity in the common control. You can inherit the common controls to a risk-mitigating task
when it is in the Draft or Work In Progress state.
Common controls in a risk event
A common control is automatically linked to a risk event when the underlying risk has
materialized for the risk event. It enables the control owner to identify when the common control
fails and to take immediate action if a common control does fail.
Create and run a manual risk indicator in the Risk Workspace
Create and run a manual risk indicator to identify the possibility of a future adverse impact
on your organization. Indicators are an early warning system and they enable you to take
preventative actions on risks. In a manual indicator, the results are manually gathered using task
assignments.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_risk.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > Indicators > Risk indicators.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2642
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Indicator form
Field Description
Category Category of the indicator. For example, select
Risk Indicator to create a risk indicator.
Inherit from template Option to create the indicator from an
existing template.
Template Template used to create the indicator. This
field appears only if the Inherit from template
option is selected.
Override template Option to override the template's properties
such as the name of the indicator.
Name Name of the indicator. If you select a template
in the Template field, then this field is
automatically set to the template name.
Description Brief description of the indicator. This field is
automatically set if you select a template in
the Template field.
Entity Entity used to filter risks.
Applies to record Record that the entity applies to. This field is
automatically set.
Risk Filtered risk that is related to the indicator.
Note: If you have selected an indicator
template, then the risk is also filtered
based on the template.
Owning group Group that owns the indicator. This field is
automatically set based on the owning group
of the risk.
Owner Owner of the indicator. This field is
automatically set to the owner's name based
on the risk.
Method
Type Method used to determine the type of
indicator. Select Manual.
Target type Type of the target value. Choices are as
follows:
◦None: Use this option if you do not want
to set up any target or threshold for the
indicator.
◦Percentage: Use this option to determine
the indicator result by a percentage value.
◦Count: Use this option to determine the
indicator result by a count value or total
number.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2643
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Category | Category of the indicator. For example, select Risk Indicator to create a risk indicator. |
| Inherit from template | Option to create the indicator from an existing template. |
| Template | Template used to create the indicator. This field appears only if the Inherit from template option is selected. |
| Override template | Option to override the template's properties such as the name of the indicator. |
| Name | Name of the indicator. If you select a template in the Template field, then this field is automatically set to the template name. |
| Description | Brief description of the indicator. This field is automatically set if you select a template in the Template field. |
| Entity | Entity used to filter risks. |
| Applies to record | Record that the entity applies to. This field is automatically set. |
| Risk | Filtered risk that is related to the indicator. Note: If you have selected an indicator template, then the risk is also filtered based on the template. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the indicator. This field is automatically set based on the owning group of the risk. |
| Owner | Owner of the indicator. This field is automatically set to the owner's name based on the risk. |
| Method |  |
| Type | Method used to determine the type of indicator. Select Manual. |
| Target type | Type of the target value. Choices are as follows: ◦None: Use this option if you do not want to set up any target or threshold for the indicator. ◦Percentage: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a percentage value. ◦Count: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a count value or total number. |

Field Description
Value mandatory Option to decide if a value is required in the
indicator task for a manual indicator.
Note: This option is automatically
selected when Count or Percentage is
selected from the Target type field.
Target Numerical value that is your goal for the
indicator. This value determines if the
indicator succeeded (passed) or failed. For
example, if your goal for employee retention
is 80%, you can enter the goal as the value.
Any result less than 80% would mean the
indicator failed.
Result if the value meets or exceeds the Result configuration field. The choices are as
target value follows:
◦Passed
◦Failed
For example, assume you enter 80 in the
Target field. If the indicator result output is
more than 80, then the Indicator status field
is set to Passed or Failed based on the value
configured in the Result based on target
value field.
Instructions for collecting data More instructions on how to collect data.
Reference field Connection between the supporting data
table and the Applies to record field of the
entity.
Basic Criteria
Note: This section appears only after you specify supporting data.
Criteria Criteria to filter the data from the source table.
Click Set conditions inside the field and
create filters for the conditions.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
First run date Date the indicator was first run.
Next run date Next collection time for indicator results. This
field is automatically set based on the value
in the Collection frequency field. You can
also edit this field and change the date.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2644
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Value mandatory | Option to decide if a value is required in the indicator task for a manual indicator. Note: This option is automatically selected when Count or Percentage is selected from the Target type field. |
| Target | Numerical value that is your goal for the indicator. This value determines if the indicator succeeded (passed) or failed. For example, if your goal for employee retention is 80%, you can enter the goal as the value. Any result less than 80% would mean the indicator failed. |
| Result if the value meets or exceeds the target value | Result configuration field. The choices are as follows: ◦Passed ◦Failed For example, assume you enter 80 in the Target field. If the indicator result output is more than 80, then the Indicator status field is set to Passed or Failed based on the value configured in the Result based on target value field. |
| Instructions for collecting data | More instructions on how to collect data. |
| Reference field | Connection between the supporting data table and the Applies to record field of the entity. |
| Basic Criteria |  |
| Note: This section appears only after you specify supporting data. |  |
| Criteria | Criteria to filter the data from the source table. Click Set conditions inside the field and create filters for the conditions. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| First run date | Date the indicator was first run. |
