### Create and run a basic risk indicator in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 247–249*

Field Description
Note: This field only gets updated
based on the scheduled runs and
not when the indicators are manually
executed.
Results
Status Status of the indicator to show whether the
indicator passed or failed.
Previous status Previous status of the indicator to show
whether the indicator passed or failed.
4.Click Save.
5. To collect supporting data, click Specify supporting data and do the following:
a.In the Source table field, select the table used for collecting supporting data.
b.In the Supporting data fields field, select the fields of the source table that are used for
collecting the supporting data.
While specifying the supporting data fields, you cannot dot-walk in the Risk Workspace.
c.In the Sample size field, specify the minimum number of records that must be used for
collecting supporting data.
d. Click Save and reload the form.
6.Click Execute.
An indicator task is created and assigned to the risk owner. After the risk owner closes the
indicator task, the Indicator Results related list appears.
7.To see the results of the indicator task, click the Indicator Results related list and do the
following:
a.Click the result that you want to view.
b.To view the snapshot of the supporting data, click View supporting data.
c.To view a particular live record, click View for that record.
Live records always open in the classic user interface and not in the Risk Workspace user
interface.
Create and run a basic risk indicator in the Risk Workspace
Create and run a basic risk indicator to identify the possibility of a future adverse impact on your
organization. Indicators are an early warning system and they enable you to take preventative
action on the risks. Basic indicators are automated indicators based on an indicator source.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager or sn_risk.admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2645
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: This field only gets updated based on the scheduled runs and not when the indicators are manually executed. | Note: This field only gets updated based on the scheduled runs and not when the indicators are manually executed. |
| Results |  |  |
| Status | Status of the indicator to show whether the indicator passed or failed. |  |
| Previous status | Previous status of the indicator to show whether the indicator passed or failed. |  |

About this task
In a basic indicator, the data is automatically collected from the source you specify. You must
specify the supporting data before adding the criteria to filter data.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > Indicators > Risk indicators.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator form
Field Description
Category Category of the indicator. For example, select
Risk Indicator to create a risk indicator.
Inherit from template Option to create the indicator from an
existing template.
Template Template used to create the indicator. This
field appears only if the Inherit from template
option is selected.
Override template Option to override the template's properties
such as the name of the indicator.
Name Name of the indicator. If you select a template
in the Template field, then this field is
automatically set to the template name.
Description Brief description of the indicator. This field is
automatically set if you select a template in
the Template field.
Entity Entity used to filter risks.
Applies to record Record that the entity applies to.
Risk Filtered risk that is related to the indicator.
Note: If you have selected an indicator
template, then the risk is also filtered
based on the template.
Owning group Group that owns the indicator.
Owner Owner of the indicator. This field is
automatically set to the owner's name based
on the risk.
Method
Type Method used to determine the type of
indicator. Select Basic.
Target type Type of the target value. The choices are as
follows:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2646
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Category | Category of the indicator. For example, select Risk Indicator to create a risk indicator. |
| Inherit from template | Option to create the indicator from an existing template. |
| Template | Template used to create the indicator. This field appears only if the Inherit from template option is selected. |
| Override template | Option to override the template's properties such as the name of the indicator. |
| Name | Name of the indicator. If you select a template in the Template field, then this field is automatically set to the template name. |
| Description | Brief description of the indicator. This field is automatically set if you select a template in the Template field. |
| Entity | Entity used to filter risks. |
| Applies to record | Record that the entity applies to. |
| Risk | Filtered risk that is related to the indicator. Note: If you have selected an indicator template, then the risk is also filtered based on the template. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the indicator. |
| Owner | Owner of the indicator. This field is automatically set to the owner's name based on the risk. |
| Method |  |
| Type | Method used to determine the type of indicator. Select Basic. |

Field Description
◦None: Use this option if you do not want
to set up any target or threshold for the
indicator.
◦Percentage: Use this option to determine
the indicator result by a percentage value.
◦Count: Use this option to determine the
indicator result by a count value or total
number.
Target Value that determines if the indicator
succeeded (passed) or failed.
Result based on target value Result configuration field. The choices are as
follows:
◦Passed
◦Failed
For example, assume you enter 100 in the
Target field. If the indicator result output
is more than 100, then the indicator status
is Passed or Failed based on the value
configured in this field.
Basic Criteria
Note: This section appears only after you specify supporting data.
Criteria Criteria to filter the data from the source table.
Click Set conditions inside the field and
create filters for the conditions.
Additional Criteria
Additional criteria More criteria to filter the data to calculate the
target value. This section only appears when
Percentage is selected from the Target type
field. Click Set conditions inside the field and
create filters for the conditions.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
First run date Date the indicator was first run.
Next run date Next collection time for indicator results. This
field is automatically set based on the value
in the Collection frequency field. You can
also edit this field and change the date.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2647
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦None: Use this option if you do not want to set up any target or threshold for the indicator. ◦Percentage: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a percentage value. ◦Count: Use this option to determine the indicator result by a count value or total number. |
| Target | Value that determines if the indicator succeeded (passed) or failed. |
| Result based on target value | Result configuration field. The choices are as follows: ◦Passed ◦Failed For example, assume you enter 100 in the Target field. If the indicator result output is more than 100, then the indicator status is Passed or Failed based on the value configured in this field. |
| Basic Criteria |  |
| Note: This section appears only after you specify supporting data. |  |
| Criteria | Criteria to filter the data from the source table. Click Set conditions inside the field and create filters for the conditions. |
| Additional Criteria |  |
| Additional criteria | More criteria to filter the data to calculate the target value. This section only appears when Percentage is selected from the Target type field. Click Set conditions inside the field and create filters for the conditions. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| First run date | Date the indicator was first run. |
