### Create a risk assessment scope in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 255–257*

Charts and graphs on the Issues overview landing page (continued)
Issues This chart shows issues broken down by state, issue type, issue rating, or
priority. The number of overdue issues and issues due in seven days are also
shown.
Overdue This aging chart shows issues overdue by different ranges of time. For example,
issues you can determine, at a glance, issues that are between 61 and 90 days
overdue. The chart can be filtered by priority and issue rating.
Issue triaging This chart shows issue triages by state, issue type, or priority. It can aid issue
managers identify how issues are being triaged and prioritized.
Issue triage This aging chart provides an overview of how long issues have been open.
aging by
priority
Tracking
Remediation This widget shows the status of open and overdue remediation tasks
tasks associated with issues.
Evidence This widget shows the number evidence requests that have been opened for
request for issues.
issues
Performance
Issue This chart shows trend data for open, confirmed, and closed issues over time.
opened vs.
confirmed vs.
closed
My issues
Issues The section shows issues assigned to the logged-in user that can be reviewed,
re-assigned, assigned for remediation, and that are overdue.
Triage issues The section shows triage issues assigned to the logged-in user that can re-
assigned and reviewed.
My group's issues
Issues The section shows issues assigned to member of the logged-in user's group.
Triage issues The section shows triage issues assigned to the logged-in user's group.
Watching
Triage issues This section shows the number of triage issues for which the logged-in user is
on the watch list.
Remediation This section shows the number of remediation tasks for which the logged-in
tasks user is on the watch list.
Create a risk assessment scope in the Risk Workspace
Create a risk assessment scope to identify risks for an entity, define assessors and approvers,
set assessment frequency, and initiate assessments using the Risk Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager,
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager, or sn_risk_workspace.business_op_risk_manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2653
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Overdue issues | This aging chart shows issues overdue by different ranges of time. For example, you can determine, at a glance, issues that are between 61 and 90 days overdue. The chart can be filtered by priority and issue rating. |
| --- | --- |
| Issue triaging | This chart shows issue triages by state, issue type, or priority. It can aid issue managers identify how issues are being triaged and prioritized. |
| Issue triage aging by priority | This aging chart provides an overview of how long issues have been open. |
| Tracking |  |
| Remediation tasks | This widget shows the status of open and overdue remediation tasks associated with issues. |
| Evidence request for issues | This widget shows the number evidence requests that have been opened for issues. |
| Performance |  |
| Issue opened vs. confirmed vs. closed | This chart shows trend data for open, confirmed, and closed issues over time. |
| My issues |  |
| Issues | The section shows issues assigned to the logged-in user that can be reviewed, re-assigned, assigned for remediation, and that are overdue. |
| Triage issues | The section shows triage issues assigned to the logged-in user that can re- assigned and reviewed. |
| My group's issues |  |
| Issues | The section shows issues assigned to member of the logged-in user's group. |
| Triage issues | The section shows triage issues assigned to the logged-in user's group. |
| Watching |  |
| Triage issues | This section shows the number of triage issues for which the logged-in user is on the watch list. |
| Remediation tasks | This section shows the number of remediation tasks for which the logged-in user is on the watch list. |

About this task
Creating a risk assessment scope ensures that assessments are effectively carried out, resulting
in valuable insights for the risk management team and enabling informed decision-making.
You can create a risk assessment scope with a guided experience using the playbook. Each
stage within the playbook includes one or more activities that must be completed, providing a
structured approach to the risk assessment scope. The playbook guides you through each stage,
recommending necessary activities, and ensuring comprehensive coverage of the workflow.
Stages can also include automated activities, such as auto-sending an email to the Assessor
when you initiate an assessment.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. From the list, navigate to Risk assessment planning select Scoped entities.
4.Select New.
The Risk assessment scope playbook opens and initiates the first activity for defining the risk
assessment methodology (RAM) and assessable entity, which is the Scope definition stage.
5. On the Scope definition activity card, fill in the fields.
Scope definition card
Field Description
Risk Risk assessment methodology (RAM) that you use to assess risks.
assessment
methodology
Assessable Entities associated with the selected entity classes defined in the Applicable
entity entity classes field on the RAM. The value of this field changes based on the
entity classes specified in your selected RAM. Only those entities that belong
to the selected classes are displayed in this field.
Owner Owner of the entity. This field is automatically set based on the assessable
entity.
6.Select Continue.
The Risks selection activity card opens that enables you to select and assess the risks related
with the entity using the selected RAM.
7.To add existing risks, select Add and do the following:
a.Select the risks to add.
b.Select Add.
8.Optional: To create risks, select Create risk and do the following:
a.Fill in the details of the new risk.
b.Select Save.
9.Optional: To create risks from the risk taxonomy, select the down arrow icon next to the Create
risk button, select Create from risk statements, and do the following:
a.Select the risk statements to add.
b.Select Add.
10.Select Mark as complete.
The Assignment stage in the Risk assessment scope playbook opens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2654
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Risk assessment methodology | Risk assessment methodology (RAM) that you use to assess risks. |
| Assessable entity | Entities associated with the selected entity classes defined in the Applicable entity classes field on the RAM. The value of this field changes based on the entity classes specified in your selected RAM. Only those entities that belong to the selected classes are displayed in this field. |
| Owner | Owner of the entity. This field is automatically set based on the assessable entity. |

11. On the Assignment activity card, fill in the fields.
Assignment card
Field Description
Assessor User or group who is responsible for assessing the risk. Choices are as follows:
type
◦Same as entity owner
◦Same as risk owner
◦Specify users
◦Specify groups
Assessor User who is responsible for assessing the risk. This field appears only when
Specify users is selected from the Assessor type field.
Assessor Group that is responsible for assessing the risk. This field appears only when
group Specify groups is selected from the Assessor type field.
Approver User or group who is responsible for approving the assessment. Choices are as
type follows:
◦Same as entity owner
◦Same as assessor's manager
◦Specify users
◦Specify groups
◦None
Approver User who is responsible for approving the assessment. This field appears only
when Specify users is selected from the Approver type field.
Approver Group that is responsible for approving the assessment. This field appears only
group when Specify groups is selected from the Approver type field.
12. Select Mark as complete.
The Reassessment frequency stage in the Risk assessment scope playbook opens.
13.On the Reassessment frequency activity card, fill in the fields.
Reassessment frequency card
Field Description
Reassessment How often you want to assess risks. Choices are as follows:
frequency
◦None
◦Weekly
◦Monthly
◦Quarterly
◦Semi-annually
◦Annually
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2655
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assessor type | User or group who is responsible for assessing the risk. Choices are as follows: ◦Same as entity owner ◦Same as risk owner ◦Specify users ◦Specify groups |
| Assessor | User who is responsible for assessing the risk. This field appears only when Specify users is selected from the Assessor type field. |
| Assessor group | Group that is responsible for assessing the risk. This field appears only when Specify groups is selected from the Assessor type field. |
| Approver type | User or group who is responsible for approving the assessment. Choices are as follows: ◦Same as entity owner ◦Same as assessor's manager ◦Specify users ◦Specify groups ◦None |
| Approver | User who is responsible for approving the assessment. This field appears only when Specify users is selected from the Approver type field. |
| Approver group | Group that is responsible for approving the assessment. This field appears only when Specify groups is selected from the Approver type field. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
