### Perform advanced risk assessment in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 261–263*

When you generate an assessment, the assessor or the assessor's group gets an email
notification indicating that the assessment has been assigned to them.
14.Optional: To go back in the workflow and change the scope, assignment, or frequency, select
Redefine scope.
Result
The assessments are initiated. You can view all the scheduled assessments under Risk
assessment planning > Scheduled assessments.
Perform advanced risk assessment in the Risk Workspace
Conduct risk assessments to assess inherent risks, effectiveness of controls, residual risks, and
target risks in the Risk Workspace application. You can define risk responses that enable you to
manage and mitigate the risks identified during the risk assessment process.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user
Note: You must manually assign the advanced risk assessment roles to the
sn_grc.business_user role. To understand how you can adjust the granting of roles and
groups, see the How to adjust granting of roles and groups to use background jobs
[KB0963693] article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. You must log in to Now Support
to view the article.
About this task
A risk assessment is performed for the following:
•Inherent risks
•Effectiveness of controls
•Residual risks
•Target risks
The risk assessments yield risk scores that are automatically calculated based on the
configurations made in the risk assessment methodology (RAM). If you want to change the
automatically calculated scores, you can overwrite the calculated scores and provide a
justification. If you have no controls to assess, then the residual risk score is the same as the
inherent risk score.
After performing the assessment, you can define the risk response. Risk response refers to the
process of managing identified risks. It’s a planning and decision-making process where the risk
managers decide how to deal with each risk. While performing the assessment, you can view
detailed reference information on the Contextual side panel. This panel provides information for
the risk events, open issues, key indicator breaches, control test results, and control indicator
failures.
If the risk assessment in being performed by an assessor's delegate, the Assessor's delegates
field shows the delegate's name.
A risk assessment record progresses through the following statuses:
•New: The risk assessment is created but not yet initiated or is in a ready-to-assess state.
•In progress: The risk assessment is currently being evaluated. This status applies when the
assessment is in any of the following states: Inherent Assessment, Control Assessment,
Residual Assessment, Target Assessment, or Respond.
•Awaiting approval: The risk assessment is complete and awaiting review or approval from the
designated approvers.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2659
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| [KB0963693] |  |
| --- | --- |

•Completed: The risk assessment has been fully approved, finalized, and requires no further
actions.
•Archived: The risk assessment is no longer active. When an assessment is in the Completed
status and a reassessment begins for the same risk, the old assessment is moved to the
Archived status.
•Cancelled: The risk assessment has been terminated or withdrawn.
For more information on statuses, see Risk Assessment workflow changes from 19.1.x version
article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. You must log in to Now Support to view the article.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > My tasks.
2. Open the risk assessment that you want to assess and do one of the following.
◦If you want to start the assessment, select Let's get started.
◦If you think that the risk assessment must be assigned to someone else, select Reassign
and fill in the necessary details.
◦If this risk was previously assessed, to view the previous assessment, select Review last
assessment.
◦If the risk assessment is in progress and you want to continue the assessment, select
Resume.
3. To perform inherent assessment, respond to the all inherent assessment questions.
a.Optional: To view the guidance for a factor, select the question mark icon ( .
b.Optional: To view the qualitative and quantitative weightage, select overall rating icon.
The application automatically saves your responses and calculates the overall risk score.
4.Optional: To change the computed inherent risk results, do the following:
a.Select the I would like to change the computed score option.
b.From the Override inherent risk field, select the appropriate value.
c.Enter comments that explain the reasons for the change in the computed score.
5. Select Next.
6.For the Control assessment, do one of the following:
◦To assess the effectiveness of the controls, respond to all the control assessment factors.
◦To proceed without assessing the mitigating controls, select the Control assessment not
applicable option.
◦To assess the control environment without adding controls, select I would like to change the
computed score option and refer to step 8.
You can also change the computed control effectiveness results by providing a justification for
changing the score.
7.To add or create controls for the control assessment, do one of the following:
◦To add existing controls, select Add.
◦To inherit common controls, select Inherit common controls.
◦To create a control, select the down-arrow next to the Inherit common controls button, and
select Create control.
◦To add controls from control taxonomy, select the down-arrow next to the Inherit common
controls button, and select Create from control objectives.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2660
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

8.Optional: To assess the control environment without adding controls, do the following:
a.Select the I would like to change the computed score option.
b.From the Override control effectiveness field, select the appropriate value.
c.Enter comments that explain the reasons for the change in the computed score.
9.To assess the leftover risks after the implementation of mitigating controls, select Next and
respond to the factors in the residual assessment.
You can also change the computed residual score by providing a justification for changing the
score.
10. Note: The availability of the target risk assessment on the assessment form depends on
the conditions outlined in the RAM.
To assess the desired risk level that you want to achieve in the future, select Next and respond
to the factors in the target assessment.
You can also change the computed target score by providing a justification for changing the
score.
11. To select an appropriate strategy and to define the plan of action for the risks assessed, select
Next, and do the following.
a.Select the appropriate risk responses.
b.Optional: To create a risk response task, select the Create task button, and select the
appropriate values.
For more information, see Create a risk response task in the Risk Workspace.
c.Optional: To link existing risk response tasks or copy the tasks along with the risk response
strategies from the previous assessment while reassessing a risk, select Yes, continue with
existing.
The Yes, continue with existing button appears only when you are reassessing a risk. To
continue with another response, select Change response.
d. Select Save task and review your responses.
The risk response tasks are created and assigned to the assignee. You can edit the task and
modify it to change the owner.
12. To link existing issues to the risk assessment, do the following:
You must enable the Allow issue linking with risk assessment option on the Risk Assessment
Methodology (RAM) form to use this feature.
a.Select Add existing issues.
b.Select the issues from the list and select Add.
13.To create issues for the risk assessment, do the following:
You must enable the Allow issue linking with risk assessment option on the Risk Assessment
Methodology (RAM) form to use this feature.
a.Select Create issue.
b.On the Create an issue form, fill in the required details.
c.Select Save.
14.Select Submit.
If there are no validation errors, the assessment homepage is displayed.
15.Optional: If you want to modify the assessment, select Edit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2661
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
