### Workflow of risk response task

*Pages 265–265*

Procedure
1.Navigate to my All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the task icon.
3. Under My pending tasks, under Advanced risk assessments, open the object risk assessment
assigned to you.
Choice Description
Select this option if you want to proceed with
Start assessment
the assessment.
Select this option if the assessment must be
Reassign
assigned to someone else.
4.If you select Start assessment, respond to the assessment questions.
For more information, see Perform advanced risk assessment in the Risk Workspace.
5. Select Save.
6.If you have configured risk response in your risk assessment methodology, select the
appropriate risk response strategy and click Define risk response.
7.To send the assessment for review, select Review and submit.
The assessment home page is displayed. You can review the summary of your assessment.
8.To request approval, edit assignment, or reassign, select one of the following. Request
approval.
Choice Description
Select this option to send the assessment for
approval if an approver is specified. If you se­
Request approval
lect this option, you can provide additional
comments for the reviewer.
Select this option if you want to modify your
Edit assignment
responses in the assessment.
Select this option if the assessment must be
Reassign
assigned to someone else.
Workflow of risk response task
The risk response task workflow is a structured process to manage assessed risks by defining
plans of action to either accept, mitigate, avoid, or transfer those risks.
Exploring the user journey for Risk response task
The states of a risk response task are as follows:
1.Draft: The default state when a risk response task is created.
2. Work in progress: The state when the risk response task owner starts working on it and sends
it to the approver for review.
3. Awaiting approval: The state when the approver reviews the risk response task and either
approves or rejects it.
4.Closed: The state when the approver approves the risk response task, moving it to the Closed
state.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2663
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Choice | Description |
| --- | --- |
