### Workflow of action item in risk response task

*Pages 266–266*

The risk response task workflow consists of the following stages:
Create a risk response task
After an assessor identifies the risk response plans, the assessor then creates risk
response tasks. The user with the sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor role can create a
risk response task and assigns them to the risk user with the role sn_risk.user. After
creation, the risk response task moves to the Draft state. For more information, see
Create a risk response task in the Risk Workspace.
Create action items
The risk assessor can create multiple strategies with various action items for each
risk response task. Action items are specific, granular tasks defined within a risk
response task to address and manage risks effectively. Action items can be created
and defined when the risk response task is in either the Draft state or the Work in
progress state. For more information, see Create an action item in the risk response
task.
Action items have their own independent workflow. For more information, see
Workflow of action item in risk response task.
Note: You can create risk response action items for all types of risk response
tasks except for Risk acceptance tasks.
Respond to the risk response tasks
After the risk response task is assigned, the risk response task owner moves the
risk response task to the Work in progress state. In this stage, the risk response
task owner defines a plan of action for the risk response task. After defining the
plan of action, the task owner can request for approval from the approvers defined
in the approval configurator. By default, a single level of approval is enabled for all
types of risk response tasks, where the risk owner can approve the tasks. These
approvals can be configured based on requirements. After the task owner request
for approval, the risk response task moves to the Awaiting approval state.
Important: All action items associated with the risk response task must
be closed to move the risk response task from Work in progress to Awaiting
approval state.
Approve or reject the risk response task
In the Awaiting approval state, the approvers defined in the approval configurator
can review the plan of action and either approve or reject the risk response task.
The risk response task moves to the Closed state, if the all the approvers approve
the task. If any of the approvers reject the task, then the risk response task moves
back to the Work in progress state.
Workflow of action item in risk response task
The action item workflow is a structured process for managing the granular tasks associated with
risk response tasks, which are assigned to multiple stakeholders.
Exploring the user journey for an Action item
The states of an action item are as follows:
1.Draft: The default state when an action item is created.
2. Assigned: The state when the action item is assigned to a user.
3. Work in progress: The state when the action item owner starts working on it and sends it to the
risk response task owner for review.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2664
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
