### Create a risk response task in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 267–269*

4.Review: The state when the risk response task owner reviews the action item and either
approves or rejects it.
5. Closed: The state when the risk response task owner approves the action item, moving it to the
Closed state.
The action item workflow consists of the following stages:
Create action items
The risk assessor or risk response task owner can create multiple strategies with
various action items for each risk response task. Action items are specific, granular
tasks defined within a risk response task to address and manage risks effectively.
The risk response task owner defines a plan of action for the action item. Action
items can be created when the risk response task is in either the Draft state or the
Work in progress state. For more information, see Create an action item in the risk
response task.
Note: You can create risk response action items for all types of risk response
tasks except for Risk acceptance tasks.
Respond to the action item
The assignee of the risk response action item moves the action item to the Work
in progress state. In this stage, the action item owner specifies the action taken in
the Assignee comments field, along with any other required steps. The action item
owner then sends the action item to the risk response task owner for approval. After
the action item owner request for approval, the action item moves to the Review
state.
Approve or reject the action item
In the Review state, the risk response task owner can review the assignee
comments and either approve or reject the action item. If the approver approves the
action item, it moves to the Closed state. If approver rejects the action item, then the
action item moves back to the Work in progress state.
Important: All action items associated with the risk response task must
be closed to move the risk response task from Work in progress to Awaiting
approval state.
Create a risk response task in the Risk Workspace
Create a risk response task to define plan of actions, assign responsibilities, set priorities, and
establish deadlines to ensure effective management of the assessed risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the task icon.
3. Open a risk assessment for which you want to add a risk response task and navigate to the
Risk response section.
4.To create a risk response task, select Create task next to the selected risk response plan.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2665
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Risk response task form
Field Description
Name Unique name of the risk response task.
Plan Actions that are implemented to manage
the identified risk. Actions include steps,
methods, and resources required to manage
the risk.
Assigned to Person responsible for managing the risk
response task.
Priority Importance or urgency of the risk response
task.
Due date Date by which the risk response task must be
completed.
6.Select Save task.
Create an action item in the risk response task
Create multiple strategies with various action items for each risk response task. Action items help
you to understand and focus on specific steps needed to manage risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
About this task
Action items are specific, granular tasks defined within a risk response task to address and
manage risks effectively. They’re elevated from the broader risk response task and can be
assigned to different users to ensure that the required response plan is executed. Action items
can be created and defined when the risk response task is in either the Draft state or the Work in
Progress state.
Note: You can create risk response action items for all types of risk response tasks except
for Risk acceptance tasks.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the task icon.
3. Open a risk response task for which you want to add an Action item.
4.Select the Action items related list.
5. Select New.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Create New Action Item form, see Create New
Action Item form.
7.Select Save.
8.To send the action item to the assignee, select Send to Assignee.
The action item moves to the Assigned state.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2666
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name of the risk response task. |
| Plan | Actions that are implemented to manage the identified risk. Actions include steps, methods, and resources required to manage the risk. |
| Assigned to | Person responsible for managing the risk response task. |
| Priority | Importance or urgency of the risk response task. |
| Due date | Date by which the risk response task must be completed. |

Create New Action Item form
Use the Create New Action Item form to define the plan of action, assign responsibilities, set
priorities, and establish milestones for the action item.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Create New Action Item form
Field Description
Title Unique name of the action item.
Plan of action Actions that are implemented to manage the
identified risk. The actions include steps,
methods, and resources required to manage
the risk.
Reviewer Person responsible for reviewing the action
item. This field is automatically set to the name
of the person creating the action item.
Priority Importance or urgency of the action item.
Start date Date on which the action item is scheduled to
begin.
Assigned to Person responsible for completing the action
item.
State Status of the action item. This field is
automatically set to Draft.
End date Date by which the action item is expected to be
completed.
Watchlist List of individuals who can view and receive
notifications about the action item.
Details
The Details section is a read-only section.
Risk response task Name of the risk response task that includes
this action item.
Risk Name of the risk for which this action item is
created.
Priority Importance or urgency of the risk response
task.
State Status of the risk response task.
Entity Name of the associated entity.
Due date Date by which the risk response task is
expected to be completed.
Actions taken
Assignee comment Comments or actions taken by the assignee
responsible for implementing the action item.
This field is read only for risk response task
owner.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2667
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Title | Unique name of the action item. |
| Plan of action | Actions that are implemented to manage the identified risk. The actions include steps, methods, and resources required to manage the risk. |
| Reviewer | Person responsible for reviewing the action item. This field is automatically set to the name of the person creating the action item. |
| Priority | Importance or urgency of the action item. |
| Start date | Date on which the action item is scheduled to begin. |
| Assigned to | Person responsible for completing the action item. |
| State | Status of the action item. This field is automatically set to Draft. |
| End date | Date by which the action item is expected to be completed. |
| Watchlist | List of individuals who can view and receive notifications about the action item. |
| Details |  |
| The Details section is a read-only section. |  |
| Risk response task | Name of the risk response task that includes this action item. |
| Risk | Name of the risk for which this action item is created. |
| Priority | Importance or urgency of the risk response task. |
| State | Status of the risk response task. |
| Entity | Name of the associated entity. |
| Due date | Date by which the risk response task is expected to be completed. |
| Actions taken |  |
