### Analyze a risk event in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 276–276*

Setting up the feature
A risk administrator with the ml_admin role can set up the risk categorization in the Risk
Workspace application. Before your organization can use this feature, the risk administrator must
install and activate the following applications and plugins:
•Risk Management
•Risk Workspace
•Predictive Intelligence
•Recommended Actions - Advanced
A risk administrator can train a default similarity solution for the risks in your organization by
using the Predictive Intelligence plugin.
Note: A similarity solution is a machine-learning solution to collect and compare your
existing records to new similar records.
For more information, see Create and train a similarity solution .
Note: You must have at least 1000 risk records for the similarity algorithm to work.
A risk administrator with the ml_admin role can review the default similarity solution definition for
risk and modify it based on your organizational needs.
Analyze a risk event in the Risk Workspace
Analyze user-submitted risk events. You can add additional details to the risk event, request
more information from the submitter, or reject the risk event if the event is not valid.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
About this task
When you a risk event is submitted, it contains basic or little information. As a risk manager, you
must add additional details to it when the event is in the Analyze state. These additional details
consist of the following:
•Approvers of the risk event.
•Root cause of the event.
•Preventative and remedial action for the event.
•Additional entries for the event to break up the event losses.
•Citations
•Tasks
•Impacted controls
•Issues
If you need more information about the risk event, you can ask the submitter to provide you
additional information. If you think that the event does not merit attention or is invalid, then you
can reject the event.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > Risk events > All events.
2. Open the event to analyze and click Analyze.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2674
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
