### Create a risk event entry in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 277–277*

3. Click the Details related list and modify any information that you may need.
If the risk event occurred but the losses were quickly recovered, theFull rapid recovery option
is selected. If the risk event resulted in a gain, instead of a loss, the Financial gain option is
selected. To understand how a risk event can result in a gain, see Manage risk events
4.Click Save
5. At this stage, you can do one of the following.
Task Action
Request approval from the approvers identi­
Click Request approval.
fied.
If further details are required from the sub­
Click Request more information.
mitter, request more information.
If the risk event is not valid, reject the event. Click Reject.
6.To add more information to the risk event, click the appropriate related list and add the
necessary details.
What to do next
If the risk event is of subtype Actual, create risk event entries. For more information see Create a
risk event entry in the Risk Workspace.
Create a risk event entry in the Risk Workspace
Create a risk event entry to determine the monetary or non-monetary impact of the risk event. A
risk event can have multiple risk event entries.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
About this task
Risk event entries capture the direct and indirect losses reported due to the risk event. For
example, if a risk event of a fire outbreak in an organization is reported, the direct and indirect
losses associated with it could be replacing furniture, replacing hardware, losing important data
and so on. All these associated losses must be captured individually. You can add risk event
entries only for actual events. Potential Risk event entries cannot have risk event entries. You can
select any currency while reporting the losses and the currency conversion system will convert
the currency to USD.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > Risk events > All events.
2. Open the event for which you want to add risk event entries.
3. Click the Risk Event Entries related list.
4.To create direct and indirect losses, new loss recovery, new additional cost, or new non-
financial impact, perform the following actions as necessary.
To create... Action
Click New direct/indirect loss and fill in the
New direct/indirect loss.
details.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2675
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Task | Action |
| --- | --- |

| To create... | Action |
| --- | --- |
