### Create an ORX external event

*Pages 278–279*

To create... Action
From the New direct/indirect loss list, select
New loss recovery and fill in the details. New
loss recovery is amount recovered from the
New loss recovery total financial impact. If the amount is recov­
ered within the number of days specified in
your configuration, the Full rapid recoveryop­
tion is automatically selected.
From the New direct/indirect loss list, select
New additional cost and fill in the details.
New additional cost
New additional cost is the cost incurred due
to the impact.
5. Click Save and refresh the page.
The loss amounts get updated on the page.
Create an ORX external event
Create an Operational Riskdata eXchange (ORX) external risk event to share the risk event
of your company with other organizations. This exchange of risk events information acts as a
learning for other organizations in the industry and prevents them from making the same errors.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
About this task
The ORX association enables operational and non-financial risk professionals to collect,
measure and analyse data in an effective way that is consistent with industry. To view and create
an ORX event, you must enable the Show ORX External Events property.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > External risk events > ORX events.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
New ORX external event form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk event
Description Brief description of the event.
Company details
Company Company in which the event occurred.
Region Region in which the event occurred.
Role of the Role the firm had in relation to the transaction.
firm
Business line Business line of the event.
level 2
Country Country in which the event occurred.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2676
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| To create... | Action |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk event |
| Description | Brief description of the event. |
| Company details |  |
| Company | Company in which the event occurred. |
| Region | Region in which the event occurred. |
| Role of the firm | Role the firm had in relation to the transaction. |
| Business line level 2 | Business line of the event. |
| Country | Country in which the event occurred. |

Field Description
Counterparty Type of counterparty or claimant that is involved in the event.
ORX member Option to show if the company is an existing ORX member.
Loss details
Loss event id ID of the loss event.
Loss category Category of the loss.
Event type Level 2 of the event such as corporate finance, merchant banking and so on.
level 2
Process code Code of the process.
Product code Code of the product.
Open Option to denote if the risk event is open.
Sources Source of the event.
Classification
Boundary risk Operational risk event which triggers a consequence for example, financial
loss in another risk category.
AMA status Advanced measurement approach (AMA) is one of three possible
operational risk methods that can be used under Basel II by a bank or other
financial institution.
Financial amounts
Gross loss Gross loss amount.
amount
Direct Any payment other than an indirect recovery received by the firm which
recovery offsets the loss.
Indirect Recovery made through insurance.
recovery
Net Loss Net loss incurred in the local currency.
(in Local
Currency)
Net Loss (in Net loss incurred converted to Euros.
Euro)
Key dates
Date of Date the event was discovered.
discovery
Date of event Date the event started
start
Date of Date the event was settled.
settlement
Date of Date the even was published.
publication
Date of event Date the event finished.
finish
Cause
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2677
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Counterparty | Type of counterparty or claimant that is involved in the event. |
| ORX member | Option to show if the company is an existing ORX member. |
| Loss details |  |
| Loss event id | ID of the loss event. |
| Loss category | Category of the loss. |
| Event type level 2 | Level 2 of the event such as corporate finance, merchant banking and so on. |
| Process code | Code of the process. |
| Product code | Code of the product. |
| Open | Option to denote if the risk event is open. |
| Sources | Source of the event. |
| Classification |  |
| Boundary risk | Operational risk event which triggers a consequence for example, financial loss in another risk category. |
| AMA status | Advanced measurement approach (AMA) is one of three possible operational risk methods that can be used under Basel II by a bank or other financial institution. |
| Financial amounts |  |
| Gross loss amount | Gross loss amount. |
| Direct recovery | Any payment other than an indirect recovery received by the firm which offsets the loss. |
| Indirect recovery | Recovery made through insurance. |
| Net Loss (in Local Currency) | Net loss incurred in the local currency. |
| Net Loss (in Euro) | Net loss incurred converted to Euros. |
| Key dates |  |
| Date of discovery | Date the event was discovered. |
| Date of event start | Date the event started |
| Date of settlement | Date the event was settled. |
| Date of publication | Date the even was published. |
| Date of event finish | Date the event finished. |
| Cause |  |
