### Chart colors for risk data

*Pages 280–280*

Field Description
Cause level 3 Third cause level of the event.
Additional details
Jurisdiction Jurisdiction of the event.
Scenario Category of the scenario such as conduct, external fraud, technology and so
category on.
Environmental Aspect of the environment or circumstances in which the bank was
volatility operating at the time of the event.
Activity
Work notes Notes that are visible to any responder to this event, their manager, or an
administrator.
Additional Additional comments about this event.
comments
Report a risk event from the Risk Portal
Report a risk event from the Risk Portal. The Risk Portal provides an easy method to quickly
report risk events.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user role
Procedure
1.Navigate to Risk Portal.
2. Under Report, click Risk event
The Report Risk Event form is displayed.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
4.Click Submit for review.
Result
The risk event is created and submitted for the risk team's review.
Chart colors for risk data
You can view your risk data visualizations in different colors for a quick overview of your risks.
Various risk reports appear on the Risk home page. Some examples of these reports are
pie charts, bar graphs and so on. These reports show the risk ratings in different colors. By
®
default, ServiceNow provides the chart colors for the following risk ratings for Advanced Risk
Assessments.
•Very high
•Critical
•Ineffective
•High
•Medium
•Moderate
•Needs improvement
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2678
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Cause level 3 | Third cause level of the event. |
| Additional details |  |
| Jurisdiction | Jurisdiction of the event. |
| Scenario category | Category of the scenario such as conduct, external fraud, technology and so on. |
| Environmental volatility | Aspect of the environment or circumstances in which the bank was operating at the time of the event. |
| Activity |  |
| Work notes | Notes that are visible to any responder to this event, their manager, or an administrator. |
| Additional comments | Additional comments about this event. |
