### Create a test plan in Risk Workspace

*Pages 284–284*

5. Click Add.
6.Click Save.
Create a test plan in Risk Workspace
Create a test plan to document the control testing procedure. You can create a test plan from
scratch or based on a test template to describe how a feature is to be tested.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace > Control testing > Control test plans.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Create New Test plan form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number.
Name Name of the test plan.
Control The control that this test plan covers.
Entity Entity is auto-populated based on the value
selected in the Control field.
Test template Related test template.
If you select a test template, all the fields
in the Design test and Operational test
sections are populated with the test template
values.
Duration Expected duration of the test.
Design test
Design expectations Basic requirement that should be met for a
control to be effective.
Design assessment procedures Procedure or steps to be followed to
conclude whether the design of the control is
effective to achieve the control objective or
not. This is based on the design expectation.
Operational test
Operational expectations Expectations that should be met to ensure
that the control is operating effectively to
achieve the control objective.
Operational assessment procedures Detailed steps, to carry out the operational
expectations, which need to be performed
to conclude that the control is operating
successfully.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2682
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Name | Name of the test plan. |
| Control | The control that this test plan covers. |
| Entity | Entity is auto-populated based on the value selected in the Control field. |
| Test template | Related test template. If you select a test template, all the fields in the Design test and Operational test sections are populated with the test template values. |
| Duration | Expected duration of the test. |
| Design test |  |
| Design expectations | Basic requirement that should be met for a control to be effective. |
| Design assessment procedures | Procedure or steps to be followed to conclude whether the design of the control is effective to achieve the control objective or not. This is based on the design expectation. |
| Operational test |  |
| Operational expectations | Expectations that should be met to ensure that the control is operating effectively to achieve the control objective. |
| Operational assessment procedures | Detailed steps, to carry out the operational expectations, which need to be performed to conclude that the control is operating successfully. |
