### Define the risk appetite for an entity

*Pages 285–288*

4.Click Save.
5. To visually explore the relationships between the different types of critical audit data that affect
your business, click 360° view button.
Filter data in the risk heatmap workbench
As a risk user, filter data in the risk heatmap workbench to get a granular view of your risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager,
sn_risk_workspace.business_op_risk_manager
About this task
Using the condition builder feature, the risk heatmap workbench enables you to further filter the
risks that need your attention. For example, you can filter risks with high rating. If you have an
important filter that you use frequently, you can also save the filter.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk Management > Risk Workspace.
2. From the Home page, select the launch workbench icon ( ).
3. Select the filter icon.
4.In the Advanced view dialog box, provide the values for field, operator, and value.
5. Select Submit.
The heatmap is refreshed with the filtered results.
6.To view the filter conditions that you have built and applied, select Filter Overview.
7.To clear the filter condition results, select Clear results.
8.To save the filter, select the save filter button ( ) in the Contextual side panel.
a.In the Title field, provide a title for the filter.
b.Select Save.
The saved filter appears in the My saved filters related list.
9.To delete a filter condition that you have built, open the Filter dialog box, and select the delete
condition button ( ) and click Submit.
Define the risk appetite for an entity
Define the risk appetite on the entity records in the Risk Management application to evaluate all
the possible risks and to set the boundaries for the acceptable and unacceptable risks for your
business.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.user
About this task
Entity owners can define the risk appetite and tolerance and then copy the qualitative risk
appetite to the downstream entities. By doing this task, a business can define and manage an
action plan when there's a breach. By defining the qualitative (numerical scale and ratings)
and quantitative (monetary value) appetite, a risk user can understand the risk appetite and
take decisions. For more information on the risk appetite and tolerance, see Risk appetite and
tolerance in Advanced Risk.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2683
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and navigate to the entity.
3. Define the risk appetite for a new or an existing entity:
◦To define the risk appetite for a new entity, select New.
◦To define the risk appetite for an existing entity, select and open the required entity record.
4.On the entity form, select the Risk Appetite section and fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values, see Risk appetite fields on the Entity form.
5. Select Save.
6.Optional: To copy the qualitative appetite to the downstream entities, select the more actions
icon on the form and select Copy qualitative appetite.
Important: You can only copy the qualitative appetite and tolerance to downstream
entities when the risk appetite of the downstream entity isn’t overridden. You must define
the quantitative appetite and tolerance for each level in the hierarchy.
Risk appetite fields on the Entity form
Learn about the risk appetite fields on the Entity form. Use these fields to define the risk appetite,
evaluate all the possible risks, and set the boundaries for the acceptable and unacceptable risks
in the Risk Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Note: The risk appetite fields that appear on the entity form depends on the advanced
risk assessment properties set by the risk administrator.
Risk appetite fields on the Entity form
Field Description
Override qualitative risk appetite Option to override the qualitative risk appetite
of the parent entity. By default, all entities
inherit the risk appetite of the upstream entity
in the entity form. When you select this option,
you can define the risk appetite values for the
current entity separately.
Note: This field appears only when
there’s an upstream entity available for
the current entity.
Qualitative appetite Risk appetite in numerical scale and rating
terms. The qualitative appetite is compared
with the qualitative risk rating to compute the
qualitative appetite status. You can define the
qualitative appetite based on the appetite
scale set by the risk administrator. The default
options are as follows:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2684
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Override qualitative risk appetite | Option to override the qualitative risk appetite of the parent entity. By default, all entities inherit the risk appetite of the upstream entity in the entity form. When you select this option, you can define the risk appetite values for the current entity separately. Note: This field appears only when there’s an upstream entity available for the current entity. |

Risk appetite fields on the Entity form (continued)
Field Description
•1 - Averse
•2 - Minimalist
•3 - Cautious
•4 - Open
•5 - Hungry
A risk administrator can change or create
the risk appetite scales based on the
organization's requirement. For more
information, see Set up a risk appetite scale.
After you define the qualitative appetite, you
can copy it to the downstream entities.
Note: A risk user and
risk reader with the
sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite_reader
role can only view the qualitative
appetite and qualitative tolerance values
on the form and in other places.
Quantitative appetite Risk appetite in quantitative terms. The
quantitative risk appetite can be measured
and expressed in monetary values. The
quantitative appetite is the amount of loss that
an organization is willing to risk. For example,
an organization decides to have $10,000
(US dollars) as a target non-performing asset
(NPA) for this year, which means that the
organization defines $10,000 (US dollars) as
the quantitative risk appetite.
The quantitative appetite is compared with the
annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the
quantitative appetite status.
Note: A risk user and
risk reader with the
sn_risk_advanced.quantitative_risk_appetite_reader
role can only view the quantitative
appetite and the quantitative tolerance
values on the form and in other places.
Qualitative tolerance Risk tolerance in numerical scale and rating
terms. The risk tolerance is the standard
deviation from the defined risk appetite.
The qualitative tolerance is compared with
the qualitative risk rating to compute the
qualitative appetite status. The qualitative
tolerance should be greater than the defined
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2685
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •1 - Averse •2 - Minimalist •3 - Cautious •4 - Open •5 - Hungry A risk administrator can change or create the risk appetite scales based on the organization's requirement. For more information, see Set up a risk appetite scale. After you define the qualitative appetite, you can copy it to the downstream entities. Note: A risk user and risk reader with the sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite role can only view the qualitative appetite and qualitative tolerance values on the form and in other places. |
| Quantitative appetite | Risk appetite in quantitative terms. The quantitative risk appetite can be measured and expressed in monetary values. The quantitative appetite is the amount of loss that an organization is willing to risk. For example, an organization decides to have $10,000 (US dollars) as a target non-performing asset (NPA) for this year, which means that the organization defines $10,000 (US dollars) as the quantitative risk appetite. The quantitative appetite is compared with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the quantitative appetite status. Note: A risk user and risk reader with the sn_risk_advanced.quantitative_risk_appeti role can only view the quantitative appetite and the quantitative tolerance values on the form and in other places. |

Risk appetite fields on the Entity form (continued)
Field Description
qualitative appetite. You can define the
qualitative tolerance based on the appetite
scale that is set by the risk administrator. The
default options are as follows:
•1 - Averse
•2 - Minimalist
•3 - Cautious
•4 - Open
•5 - Hungry
A risk administrator can modify or create
the risk appetite scales based on the
organization's requirement. For more
information, see Set up a risk appetite scale.
Quantitative tolerance Risk tolerance in quantitative terms. The risk
tolerance is the standard deviation from the
defined risk appetite. The quantitative risk
tolerance can be measured and expressed in
monetary values. For example, an organization
decides to have $15,000 (US dollars) as a
target non-performing asset (NPA) for this
year, which means that the organization
defines $15,000 as the quantitative risk
tolerance.
The quantitative tolerance is compared with
the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute
the quantitative appetite status.
Note: The quantitative tolerance should
be greater than the defined quantitative
appetite.
Risk appetite status
Qualitative appetite status Qualitative appetite status of the entity. The
qualitative appetite status is calculated by
comparing the defined qualitative appetite
with the qualitative appetite that is mapped
to the final risk rating. A risk administrator
can map the appetite scales to the risk rating
criteria for the final assessment type in the risk
assessment methodology (RAM).
Note: The primary RAM that is
associated with the entity class is
considered for status calculation.
For example, if you define the qualitative
appetite as 2-Minimalist and the qualitative
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2686
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | qualitative appetite. You can define the qualitative tolerance based on the appetite scale that is set by the risk administrator. The default options are as follows: •1 - Averse •2 - Minimalist •3 - Cautious •4 - Open •5 - Hungry A risk administrator can modify or create the risk appetite scales based on the organization's requirement. For more information, see Set up a risk appetite scale. |
| Quantitative tolerance | Risk tolerance in quantitative terms. The risk tolerance is the standard deviation from the defined risk appetite. The quantitative risk tolerance can be measured and expressed in monetary values. For example, an organization decides to have $15,000 (US dollars) as a target non-performing asset (NPA) for this year, which means that the organization defines $15,000 as the quantitative risk tolerance. The quantitative tolerance is compared with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the quantitative appetite status. Note: The quantitative tolerance should be greater than the defined quantitative appetite. |
| Risk appetite status |  |
