### Define the risk appetite for a risk

*Pages 289–293*

Risk appetite fields on the Entity form (continued)
Field Description
tolerance as 4-Open, then the following
statuses appear:
•For a qualitative risk rating of 1- Averse or
2-Minimalist, the appetite status is within
appetite.
•For a qualitative risk rating of 3-Cautious or
4-Open, the appetite status is outside the
appetite.
•For a qualitative risk rating of 5-Hungry, the
appetite status is outside the tolerance.
Quantitative appetite status Quantitative appetite status of the entity.
The annual loss expectancy (ALE) values
are compared with the defined quantitative
appetite to calculate this appetite status.
Note: The aggregated ALE value from
the primary RAM that is associated with
the entity class are considered for the
status calculation.
For example, if you define the quantitative
appetite as $1000 (US dollars) and the
quantitative tolerance as $1500, then the
following statuses appear:
•For ALE equal to or less than $1000, the
appetite status is within the appetite.
•For ALE ranges from $1001 to $1500, the
appetite status is outside the appetite.
•For ALE more than $1500, the appetite
status is outside the tolerance.
Appetite status Overall appetite status. The overall appetite
status considers the worst-case scenario
between the qualitative and quantitative
status. For example, if the qualitative
appetite status is within the appetite and the
quantitative appetite status is outside the
appetite, then the overall appetite status is
outside the appetite.
Define the risk appetite for a risk
Define the risk appetite on the risk records in the Risk Management application to evaluate all
possible risks and to set the boundaries for acceptable and unacceptable risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.user
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2687
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | tolerance as 4-Open, then the following statuses appear: •For a qualitative risk rating of 1- Averse or 2-Minimalist, the appetite status is within appetite. •For a qualitative risk rating of 3-Cautious or 4-Open, the appetite status is outside the appetite. •For a qualitative risk rating of 5-Hungry, the appetite status is outside the tolerance. |
| Quantitative appetite status | Quantitative appetite status of the entity. The annual loss expectancy (ALE) values are compared with the defined quantitative appetite to calculate this appetite status. Note: The aggregated ALE value from the primary RAM that is associated with the entity class are considered for the status calculation. For example, if you define the quantitative appetite as $1000 (US dollars) and the quantitative tolerance as $1500, then the following statuses appear: •For ALE equal to or less than $1000, the appetite status is within the appetite. •For ALE ranges from $1001 to $1500, the appetite status is outside the appetite. •For ALE more than $1500, the appetite status is outside the tolerance. |
| Appetite status | Overall appetite status. The overall appetite status considers the worst-case scenario between the qualitative and quantitative status. For example, if the qualitative appetite status is within the appetite and the quantitative appetite status is outside the appetite, then the overall appetite status is outside the appetite. |

About this task
Risks inherit the appetite value from the associated risk statement. Risk owners can also define
the risk appetite and tolerance on the risk form when there’s a business requirement to override
the parent value. For more information on the risk appetite and tolerance, see Risk appetite and
tolerance in Advanced Risk.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and navigate to the risk.
3. Define the risk appetite for a new or an existing risk:
◦To define the risk appetite for a new risk, select New.
◦To define the risk appetite for an existing risk, select and open the required risk record.
4.On the risk form, select the Risk Appetite section and fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values, see Risk appetite fields on the Risk form.
5. Select Save.
Risk appetite fields on the Risk form
Learn about the risk appetite fields on the Risk form. Use these fields to define the risk appetite,
evaluate all the possible risks, and set the boundaries for acceptable and unacceptable risks in
the Risk Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Note: The risk appetite fields that appear on the entity form depends on the advanced
risk assessment properties set by the risk administrator.
Risk appetite fields on the Risk form
Field Description
Override qualitative risk appetite Option to override the qualitative risk appetite
of the risk statement. By default, all risks
inherit the risk appetite of the risk statement
in the risk form. When you select this option,
you can define the risk appetite values for the
current risk separately.
Note: This field appears only when
there’s an associated risk statement
available for the current risk.
Justification for override Reason to override the qualitative risk appetite
values of the risk statement in the current
risk. This information helps the risk manager
to understand the business need for the
override.
Note: This field appears only when the
Override qualitative risk appetite option
is selected.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2688
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Override qualitative risk appetite | Option to override the qualitative risk appetite of the risk statement. By default, all risks inherit the risk appetite of the risk statement in the risk form. When you select this option, you can define the risk appetite values for the current risk separately. Note: This field appears only when there’s an associated risk statement available for the current risk. |
| Justification for override | Reason to override the qualitative risk appetite values of the risk statement in the current risk. This information helps the risk manager to understand the business need for the override. Note: This field appears only when the Override qualitative risk appetite option is selected. |

Risk appetite fields on the Risk form (continued)
Field Description
Qualitative appetite Risk appetite in numerical scale and rating
terms. The qualitative appetite is compared
with the qualitative risk rating to compute the
qualitative appetite status. You can define the
qualitative appetite based on the appetite
scale set by the risk administrator. The default
options are as follows:
•1 - Averse
•2 - Minimalist
•3 - Cautious
•4 - Open
•5 - Hungry
A risk administrator can change or create
the risk appetite scales based on the
organization's requirement. For more
information, see Set up a risk appetite scale.
Note: A risk user and
risk reader with the
sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite_reader
role can only view the qualitative
appetite and qualitative tolerance values
on the form and in other places.
Quantitative appetite Risk appetite in quantitative terms. The
quantitative risk appetite can be measured
and expressed in monetary values. The
quantitative appetite is the amount of loss that
an organization is willing to risk. For example,
an organization decides to have $10,000 (US
dollars) as the target non-performing asset
(NPA) for this year, which means that the
organization defines $10,000 (US dollars) as
the quantitative risk appetite.
The quantitative appetite is compared with the
annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the
quantitative appetite status.
Note: A risk user and
risk reader with the
sn_risk_advanced.quantitative_risk_appetite_reader
role can only view the quantitative
appetite and quantitative tolerance
values on the form and in other places.
Qualitative tolerance Risk tolerance in numerical scale and rating
terms. The risk tolerance is the standard
deviation from the defined risk appetite.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2689
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Qualitative appetite | Risk appetite in numerical scale and rating terms. The qualitative appetite is compared with the qualitative risk rating to compute the qualitative appetite status. You can define the qualitative appetite based on the appetite scale set by the risk administrator. The default options are as follows: •1 - Averse •2 - Minimalist •3 - Cautious •4 - Open •5 - Hungry A risk administrator can change or create the risk appetite scales based on the organization's requirement. For more information, see Set up a risk appetite scale. Note: A risk user and risk reader with the sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite role can only view the qualitative appetite and qualitative tolerance values on the form and in other places. |
| Quantitative appetite | Risk appetite in quantitative terms. The quantitative risk appetite can be measured and expressed in monetary values. The quantitative appetite is the amount of loss that an organization is willing to risk. For example, an organization decides to have $10,000 (US dollars) as the target non-performing asset (NPA) for this year, which means that the organization defines $10,000 (US dollars) as the quantitative risk appetite. The quantitative appetite is compared with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the quantitative appetite status. Note: A risk user and risk reader with the sn_risk_advanced.quantitative_risk_appeti role can only view the quantitative appetite and quantitative tolerance values on the form and in other places. |

Risk appetite fields on the Risk form (continued)
Field Description
The qualitative tolerance is compared with
the qualitative risk rating to compute the
qualitative appetite status. The qualitative
tolerance should be greater than the defined
qualitative appetite. You can define the
qualitative tolerance based on the appetite
scale set by the risk administrator. The default
options are as follows:
•1 - Averse
•2 - Minimalist
•3 - Cautious
•4 - Open
•5 - Hungry
A risk administrator can change or create
the risk appetite scales based on the
organization's requirement. For more
information, see Set up a risk appetite scale.
Quantitative tolerance Risk tolerance in quantitative terms. The risk
tolerance is the standard deviation from the
defined risk appetite. The quantitative risk
tolerance can be measured and expressed
in monetary values. For example, an
organization decides to have $15,000 (US
dollars) as a target non-performing asset
(NPA) for this year, which means that the
organization defines $15,000 (US dollars) as
the quantitative risk tolerance.
The quantitative tolerance is compared with
the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute
the quantitative appetite status.
Note: The quantitative tolerance should
be greater than the defined quantitative
appetite.
Risk appetite statement Risk appetite statement that defines the
amount and types of risk an organization is
willing to accept to achieve its objectives.
It documents what the organization
considers as threats and its response
strategies. These statements give
additional context to understand the risk
appetite and help the business to make
risk-informed decisions. For example,
"ACME Inc. has no appetite
for unauthorized access to
systems and confidential data
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2690
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The qualitative tolerance is compared with the qualitative risk rating to compute the qualitative appetite status. The qualitative tolerance should be greater than the defined qualitative appetite. You can define the qualitative tolerance based on the appetite scale set by the risk administrator. The default options are as follows: •1 - Averse •2 - Minimalist •3 - Cautious •4 - Open •5 - Hungry A risk administrator can change or create the risk appetite scales based on the organization's requirement. For more information, see Set up a risk appetite scale. |
| Quantitative tolerance | Risk tolerance in quantitative terms. The risk tolerance is the standard deviation from the defined risk appetite. The quantitative risk tolerance can be measured and expressed in monetary values. For example, an organization decides to have $15,000 (US dollars) as a target non-performing asset (NPA) for this year, which means that the organization defines $15,000 (US dollars) as the quantitative risk tolerance. The quantitative tolerance is compared with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the quantitative appetite status. Note: The quantitative tolerance should be greater than the defined quantitative appetite. |

| "ACME Inc. has no appetite |
| --- |
| for unauthorized access to |
| systems and confidential data |

Risk appetite fields on the Risk form (continued)
Field Description
and will maintain strong
controls to mitigate external
threats against its technology
infrastructure. ACME Inc.
has a low appetite for losing
the continuity of business
operations stemming from
unreliable telecommunications
or system availability.
Business resiliency planning
and execution must be aligned
with strategic objectives. ACME
Inc. has a moderate appetite
for innovative technology
solutions to meet user
demands in a rapidly changing
environment. The agency will
exercise appropriate governance
and discipline when considering
and adopting new technology."
Risk appetite status
Qualitative appetite status Qualitative appetite status of the risk. The
qualitative appetite status is calculated by
comparing the defined qualitative appetite
with the qualitative appetite that is mapped
to the final risk rating. A risk administrator
can map the appetite scales to the risk rating
criteria for the final assessment type in the
Risk assessment methodology (RAM).
Note: The primary RAM that is defined
in the associated entity is considered for
status calculation.
For example, if you define the qualitative
appetite as 2-Minimalist and the qualitative
tolerance as 4-Open, then the following
statuses appear:
•For a qualitative risk rating of 1- Averse or 2-
Minimalist, the appetite status is within the
appetite.
•For a qualitative risk rating of 3-Cautious or
4-Open, the appetite status is outside the
appetite.
•For a qualitative risk rating of 5-Hungry, the
appetite status is outside the tolerance.
Quantitative appetite status Quantitative appetite status of the risk. The
annual loss expectancy (ALE) values are
compared with the defined quantitative
appetite to calculate this appetite status.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2691
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | and will maintain strong controls to mitigate external threats against its technology infrastructure. ACME Inc. has a low appetite for losing the continuity of business operations stemming from unreliable telecommunications or system availability. Business resiliency planning and execution must be aligned with strategic objectives. ACME Inc. has a moderate appetite for innovative technology solutions to meet user demands in a rapidly changing environment. The agency will exercise appropriate governance and discipline when considering and adopting new technology." |
| Risk appetite status |  |
| Qualitative appetite status | Qualitative appetite status of the risk. The qualitative appetite status is calculated by comparing the defined qualitative appetite with the qualitative appetite that is mapped to the final risk rating. A risk administrator can map the appetite scales to the risk rating criteria for the final assessment type in the Risk assessment methodology (RAM). Note: The primary RAM that is defined in the associated entity is considered for status calculation. For example, if you define the qualitative appetite as 2-Minimalist and the qualitative tolerance as 4-Open, then the following statuses appear: •For a qualitative risk rating of 1- Averse or 2- Minimalist, the appetite status is within the appetite. •For a qualitative risk rating of 3-Cautious or 4-Open, the appetite status is outside the appetite. •For a qualitative risk rating of 5-Hungry, the appetite status is outside the tolerance. |

| and will maintain strong |
| --- |
| controls to mitigate external |
| threats against its technology |
| infrastructure. ACME Inc. |
| has a low appetite for losing |
| the continuity of business |
| operations stemming from |
| unreliable telecommunications |
| or system availability. |
| Business resiliency planning |
| and execution must be aligned |
| with strategic objectives. ACME |
| Inc. has a moderate appetite |
| for innovative technology |
| solutions to meet user |
| demands in a rapidly changing |
| environment. The agency will |
| exercise appropriate governance |
| and discipline when considering |
| and adopting new technology." |
