### Define the risk appetite for a risk statement

*Pages 294–298*

Risk appetite fields on the Risk form (continued)
Field Description
Note: The risk assessment ALE value
from the primary RAM that is defined in
the associated entity are considered for
status calculation.
For example, if you define the quantitative
appetite as $1000 (US dollars) and the
quantitative tolerance as $1500 (US dollars),
then the following statuses appear:
•For ALE that is equal to or less than $1000
(US dollars), the appetite status is within the
appetite.
•For ALE ranges from $1001 to $1500 (US
dollars), the appetite status is outside the
appetite.
•For ALE more than $1500 (US dollars), the
appetite status is outside the tolerance.
Appetite status Overall appetite status. The overall appetite
status considers the worst-case scenario
between the qualitative and quantitative
status. For example, if the qualitative
appetite status is within the appetite and the
quantitative appetite status is outside the
appetite, then the overall appetite status is
outside the appetite.
Define the risk appetite for a risk statement
Define the risk appetite on the risk statement records in the Risk Management application to
evaluate all the possible risks and set the boundaries for the acceptable and unacceptable risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.manager
About this task
A risk manager can define the risk appetite and tolerance for the risk statement and then copy
the qualitative risk appetite to the downstream risk statements and risks. It helps businesses to
take risks within their organizational capabilities and define and manage an action plan when
there's a breach. By defining the qualitative (numerical scale and ratings) and quantitative
(monetary value) appetite, a risk user can understand the risk appetite and take decisions.
For more information on the risk appetite and tolerance, see Risk appetite and tolerance in
Advanced Risk.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon, and navigate to the risk statement.
3. Define the risk appetite for a new or an existing risk statement:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2692
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: The risk assessment ALE value from the primary RAM that is defined in the associated entity are considered for status calculation. For example, if you define the quantitative appetite as $1000 (US dollars) and the quantitative tolerance as $1500 (US dollars), then the following statuses appear: •For ALE that is equal to or less than $1000 (US dollars), the appetite status is within the appetite. •For ALE ranges from $1001 to $1500 (US dollars), the appetite status is outside the appetite. •For ALE more than $1500 (US dollars), the appetite status is outside the tolerance. |
| Appetite status | Overall appetite status. The overall appetite status considers the worst-case scenario between the qualitative and quantitative status. For example, if the qualitative appetite status is within the appetite and the quantitative appetite status is outside the appetite, then the overall appetite status is outside the appetite. |

◦To define the risk appetite for a new risk statement, select New.
◦To define the risk appetite for an existing risk statement, select and open the required risk
statement record.
4.On the form, select the Risk Appetite section and fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values, see Risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form.
5. Select Save.
6.Optional: To copy the qualitative appetite to the downstream risk statement and risks, select
the more actions icon on the form and select Copy qualitative appetite.
Important: You can only copy the qualitative appetite and tolerance to the
downstream risks and risk statements when the risk appetite isn’t overridden. You need
to define quantitative appetite and tolerance for each level in the hierarchy.
Risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form
Learn about the risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form. Use these fields to define the
risk appetite, evaluate all the possible risks, and set the boundaries for the acceptable and
unacceptable risks in the Risk Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Note: The risk appetite fields that appear on the entity form depends on the advanced
risk assessment properties that are set by the risk administrator.
Risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form
Field Description
Override qualitative risk appetite Option to override the qualitative risk appetite
of the parent risk statement. By default, all
risk statements inherit the risk appetite of the
parent risk statement. When you select this
option, you can define the risk appetite values
for the current risk statement separately.
Note: This field appears only when
there’s a parent risk statement available
for the current risk statement.
Qualitative appetite Risk appetite in numerical scale and rating
terms. The qualitative appetite is compared
with the qualitative risk rating to compute the
qualitative appetite status. You can define the
qualitative appetite based on the appetite
scale that is set by the risk administrator. The
default options are as follows:
•1 - Averse
•2 - Minimalist
•3 - Cautious
•4 - Open
•5 - Hungry
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2693
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Override qualitative risk appetite | Option to override the qualitative risk appetite of the parent risk statement. By default, all risk statements inherit the risk appetite of the parent risk statement. When you select this option, you can define the risk appetite values for the current risk statement separately. Note: This field appears only when there’s a parent risk statement available for the current risk statement. |

Risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form (continued)
Field Description
A risk administrator can change or create
the risk appetite scales based on the
organization's requirement. For more
information, see Set up a risk appetite scale.
After you define the qualitative appetite, you
can copy it to the downstream risks and risk
statements.
Note: A risk manager with the
sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite_reader
role can only view the qualitative
appetite and qualitative tolerance values
on the form and in other places.
Quantitative appetite Risk appetite in quantitative terms. The
quantitative risk appetite can be measured
and expressed in monetary values. The
Quantitative appetite is the amount of loss that
an organization is willing to risk. For example,
an organization decides to have $10,000
(US dollars) as a target non-performing asset
(NPA) for this year, which means that the
organization defines $10,000 (US dollars) as
the quantitative risk appetite.
The quantitative appetite is compared with the
annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the
quantitative appetite status.
Note: A risk manager with the
sn_risk_advanced.quantitative_risk_appetite_reader
role can only view the quantitative
appetite and quantitative tolerance
values on the form and in other places.
Qualitative tolerance Risk tolerance in numerical scale and rating
terms. The risk tolerance is the standard
deviation from the defined risk appetite.
The qualitative tolerance is compared with
the qualitative risk rating to compute the
qualitative appetite status. The qualitative
tolerance should be greater than the defined
qualitative appetite. You can define the
qualitative tolerance based on the appetite
scale set by the risk administrator. The default
options are as follows:
•1 - Averse
•2 - Minimalist
•3 - Cautious
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2694
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | A risk administrator can change or create the risk appetite scales based on the organization's requirement. For more information, see Set up a risk appetite scale. After you define the qualitative appetite, you can copy it to the downstream risks and risk statements. Note: A risk manager with the sn_risk_advanced.qualitative_risk_appetite role can only view the qualitative appetite and qualitative tolerance values on the form and in other places. |
| Quantitative appetite | Risk appetite in quantitative terms. The quantitative risk appetite can be measured and expressed in monetary values. The Quantitative appetite is the amount of loss that an organization is willing to risk. For example, an organization decides to have $10,000 (US dollars) as a target non-performing asset (NPA) for this year, which means that the organization defines $10,000 (US dollars) as the quantitative risk appetite. The quantitative appetite is compared with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the quantitative appetite status. Note: A risk manager with the sn_risk_advanced.quantitative_risk_appeti role can only view the quantitative appetite and quantitative tolerance values on the form and in other places. |

Risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form (continued)
Field Description
•4 - Open
•5 - Hungry
A risk administrator can change or create
the risk appetite scales based on the
organization's requirement. For more
information, see Set up a risk appetite scale.
Quantitative tolerance Risk tolerance in quantitative terms. The risk
tolerance is the standard deviation from the
defined risk appetite. The quantitative risk
tolerance can be measured and expressed in
monetary values. For example, an organization
decides to have $15,000 (US dollars) as the
target non-performing assets (NPAs) for this
year. This means that the organization defines
$15000 (US dollars) as the quantitative risk
tolerance.
The quantitative tolerance is compared with
the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute
the quantitative appetite status.
Note: The quantitative tolerance should
be greater than the defined quantitative
appetite.
Risk appetite statement Risk appetite statement that defines
the amount and types of risk that an
organization is willing to accept to achieve
its objectives. It documents what the
organization considers threats and its
response strategies. These statements
give additional context to understand the
risk appetite and help the business to
make risk-informed decisions. For example,
"ACME Inc. has no appetite
for unauthorized access to
systems and confidential
data and will maintain strong
controls to mitigate external
threats against its technology
infrastructure. ACME Inc.
has a low appetite for losing
the continuity of business
operations stemming from
unreliable telecommunications
or system availability.
Business resiliency planning
and execution must be aligned
with strategic objectives. ACME
Inc. has a moderate appetite
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2695
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •4 - Open •5 - Hungry A risk administrator can change or create the risk appetite scales based on the organization's requirement. For more information, see Set up a risk appetite scale. |
| Quantitative tolerance | Risk tolerance in quantitative terms. The risk tolerance is the standard deviation from the defined risk appetite. The quantitative risk tolerance can be measured and expressed in monetary values. For example, an organization decides to have $15,000 (US dollars) as the target non-performing assets (NPAs) for this year. This means that the organization defines $15000 (US dollars) as the quantitative risk tolerance. The quantitative tolerance is compared with the annual loss expectancy (ALE) to compute the quantitative appetite status. Note: The quantitative tolerance should be greater than the defined quantitative appetite. |

| "ACME Inc. has no appetite |
| --- |
| for unauthorized access to |
| systems and confidential |
| data and will maintain strong |
| controls to mitigate external |
| threats against its technology |
| infrastructure. ACME Inc. |
| has a low appetite for losing |
| the continuity of business |
| operations stemming from |
| unreliable telecommunications |
| or system availability. |
| Business resiliency planning |
| and execution must be aligned |
| with strategic objectives. ACME |
| Inc. has a moderate appetite |

Risk appetite fields on the Risk Statement form (continued)
Field Description
for innovative technology
solutions to meet user
demands in a rapidly changing
environment. The agency will
exercise appropriate governance
and discipline when considering
and adopting new technology."
Next review date Date to update the risk appetite fields
and review the risk appetite statement.
An email notification is sent to the risk
statement owner before the next review
date. A risk administrator can schedule
the email notification in the advanced risk
assessment properties. For more information,
see Configure a risk appetite and tolerance in
Advanced Risk.
Risk appetite status
Methodology for status calculation Risk assessment methodology (RAM) whose
aggregated results are used to calculate the
risk appetite status of the risk statement.
Qualitative appetite status Qualitative appetite status of the risk
statement. The qualitative appetite status
is calculated by comparing the defined
qualitative appetite with the qualitative
appetite that is mapped to the final risk rating.
A risk administrator can map the appetite
scales to the risk rating criteria for the final
assessment type in RAM.
Note: The RAM selected from the
Methodology for status calculation field
is considered for the status calculation.
For example, if you define the qualitative
appetite as 2-Minimalist and qualitative
tolerance as 4-Open, then the following
statuses appear:
•For a qualitative risk rating of 1- Averse or
2-Minimalist, the appetite status is within
appetite.
•For a qualitative risk rating of 3-Cautious
or 4-Open, the appetite status is outside
appetite.
•For a qualitative risk rating of 5-Hungry, the
appetite status is outside the tolerance.
Quantitative appetite status Quantitative appetite status of the risk
statement. The annual loss expectancy
(ALE) values are compared with the defined
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2696
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | for innovative technology solutions to meet user demands in a rapidly changing environment. The agency will exercise appropriate governance and discipline when considering and adopting new technology." |
| Next review date | Date to update the risk appetite fields and review the risk appetite statement. An email notification is sent to the risk statement owner before the next review date. A risk administrator can schedule the email notification in the advanced risk assessment properties. For more information, see Configure a risk appetite and tolerance in Advanced Risk. |
| Risk appetite status |  |
| Methodology for status calculation | Risk assessment methodology (RAM) whose aggregated results are used to calculate the risk appetite status of the risk statement. |
| Qualitative appetite status | Qualitative appetite status of the risk statement. The qualitative appetite status is calculated by comparing the defined qualitative appetite with the qualitative appetite that is mapped to the final risk rating. A risk administrator can map the appetite scales to the risk rating criteria for the final assessment type in RAM. Note: The RAM selected from the Methodology for status calculation field is considered for the status calculation. For example, if you define the qualitative appetite as 2-Minimalist and qualitative tolerance as 4-Open, then the following statuses appear: •For a qualitative risk rating of 1- Averse or 2-Minimalist, the appetite status is within appetite. •For a qualitative risk rating of 3-Cautious or 4-Open, the appetite status is outside appetite. •For a qualitative risk rating of 5-Hungry, the appetite status is outside the tolerance. |

| for innovative technology |
| --- |
| solutions to meet user |
| demands in a rapidly changing |
| environment. The agency will |
| exercise appropriate governance |
| and discipline when considering |
| and adopting new technology." |
