### Matrix report in Risk Workspace

*Pages 321–323*

What to do next
Perform assessment on a risk assessment project in stacked view
Reassign assessor for a risk assessment project
Reassign assessors for multiple in-progress risk assessment projects simultaneously to minimize
disruptions during stakeholder transitions.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk_advanced.risk_asmt_project_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. From the list, navigate to Risk assessment projects, and select In progress.
4.Select the Risk Assessment projects for which you want to reassign assessors.
Reassign project dialog box appears.
5. In the Reassign project dialog box, select the assessor in the Select assessor field.
6.Select Confirm.
Matrix report in Risk Workspace
Matrix report is a structured report that you can configure to view in a grid or table format in the
Risk Workspace. You can use the matrix report to access and analyze the risk posture of your
organization using entity-related data, such as risks, controls, KRIs, and events.
The Matrix Report offers a configurable, grid-based view within the Risk Workspace, designed
to centralize and simplify access to entity-related risk data, including risks, controls, KRIs, and
events. By consolidating fragmented information into a single interface, the Matrix Report
provides risk managers with a clear, comprehensive picture of an entity's risk posture.
The Matrix report is accessible from both the Entity Risk Profile Matrix landing page and the
individual entity record page. The Matrix Report helps reduce the need to switch between
different views, making it easier to assess an entity’s overall risk profile. It supports faster
identification of data gaps and enables more efficient risk analysis and decision-making.
Benefits of Matrix report
The benefits of the Matrix report are as follows:
•Displays risks, controls, KRIs, and events linked to an entity in one place, reducing the need to
navigate across multiple records or pages.
•Offers a grid-based layout that helps you to understand the relationships between data
elements more easily.
•Enables admins to configure columns based on their requirement.
•Minimizes time spent switching between different sections of the application by bringing key
data together.
•Helps risk managers to assess the risk posture of an entity and identify gaps or issues that
need attention.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2719
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Configure Matrix report registry
Configure the Matrix report registry to select the base table. You can create a relationship of the
base with the target table to configure the details of the report for an entity-related record or a
landing page.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_matrix_report.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Matrix report > Matrix report registry.
2. Select New.
3. Enter the name of the Matrix report registry in the Name field.
4.Select Entity [sn_grc_profile] in the Base table field.
5. Select Submit.
The Matrix report registry is created and appears in a list view.
6.Select the Matrix report registry that you created.
The base level of the configuration is auto-populated, which contains the base target table
and you can select any filter conditions. For the next level configuration, add new relationships
between the base table and a target table for the matrix report.
7.In the Matrix relationships related list, select New.
8.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values, see Matrix relationship form.
9.Select Submit.
You have configured the base table, which is the level 0 of the matrix report configuration. You
can add new configurations as well. For example, if you have selected the base table as Entity,
then you can add configurations such as risk related to that entity, which would be level 1. For
level 2, you can configure a relationship between controls and issues. Parent record as source
helps to identify the record from which the data is taken.
Note: The Source table and the Relationship can’t be the same in the Matrix report
registry.
What to do next
After the matrix relationship is complete, you can Configure target table fields as columns for
matrix report.
Create Matrix report configuration for Risk Workspace
Create the Matrix report configuration by naming the report, choosing a display type (Landing
page or Record page), and setting filter conditions on the base table.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_matrix_report.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Matrix report > Matrix report configurations.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values, see Matrix report configuration form.
4.Select Submit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2720
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Matrix report configuration form
Use the Matrix report configuration form to configure the Matrix report in the Risk Workspace.
Matrix report configuration form
Field Description
Name Title of the matrix displayed in the report.
For example, Entity Risk Profile
Matrix.
Matrix report Matrix report registry reference.
Base table Base table of the Matrix report registry.
Workspace Workspace to which this report configuration
applies. You must select Risk Workspace.
Display type Type of display. The options are as follows:
•Landing page: Option to select if you want
this configuration to apply to the Entity Risk
Profile Matrix page.
•Record page: Option to select if you want
this configuration to apply to an individual
entity record.
Is default Option for default display type. The field
appears only when Landing page is selected
from Display type.
Matrix configuration
Filter on Additional filter conditions applied to the base
table.
Record or table where this configuration or
report is displayed. The field appears only
when Landing page is selected from Display
type.
Configured for Record or table where this configuration or
report is displayed.
The field appears only when Record page is
selected from Display type.
Filter condition Filter conditions on the configured table.
Base table relation Relationship between the configured table
and the base table.
View matrix report in the landing page and record page of Risk Workspace
Access and analyze the risk posture of your organization using entity-related data, such as
risks, controls, KRIs, and events in a centralized, configurable grid-based view. The Matrix report
reduces time spent switching views and helps risk managers assess data more easily, leading to
more proactive and streamlined risk management.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2721
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Title of the matrix displayed in the report. For example, Entity Risk Profile Matrix. |
| Matrix report | Matrix report registry reference. |
| Base table | Base table of the Matrix report registry. |
| Workspace | Workspace to which this report configuration applies. You must select Risk Workspace. |
| Display type | Type of display. The options are as follows: •Landing page: Option to select if you want this configuration to apply to the Entity Risk Profile Matrix page. •Record page: Option to select if you want this configuration to apply to an individual entity record. |
| Is default | Option for default display type. The field appears only when Landing page is selected from Display type. |
| Matrix configuration |  |
| Filter on | Additional filter conditions applied to the base table. Record or table where this configuration or report is displayed. The field appears only when Landing page is selected from Display type. |
| Configured for | Record or table where this configuration or report is displayed. The field appears only when Record page is selected from Display type. |
| Filter condition | Filter conditions on the configured table. |
| Base table relation | Relationship between the configured table and the base table. |
