### GRC: Metrics reference

*Pages 389–389*

GRC: Metrics reference
Several properties, tables, and roles are installed with the GRC: Metrics application.
Components installed with the GRC: Metrics application
The GRC: Metrics application adds roles that are listed here.
Roles installed
The following roles are installed with the GRC: Metrics application.
Roles installed with the GRC: Metrics application
Role Description Contains
sn_grc_metric.admin This role serves as the sn_grc_metric.manager,
Administrator within the schedule_admin
application, and contains
the responsibilities of the
Metric Manager role. The
role possesses the ability to
override metric data results
in metric data tasks and
has the authority to delete
metric definitions and metrics.
Typically, this role is assigned
to individuals holding
positions as product owners
or application administrators.
sn_grc_metric.manager This role possesses the ability sn_grc_metric.user
read, create, and update
metric definitions and metrics.
It is primarily assigned to
risk managers, compliance
managers, or business
managers, who require the
authority to define metrics
within their respective areas of
responsibility.
sn_grc_metric.reader This role is restricted to read- None
only access. It does not
possess the privileges to
create, edit, or update any
metric definitions or metrics.
However, as a metric reader,
this role is authorized to
review and approve metric
data tasks where they have
been designated as an
approver. This role can be
assigned to managers and
executives if they want to
access dashboards with
metrics data to monitor the
performance of the metrics.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2787
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role | Description | Contains |
| --- | --- | --- |
| sn_grc_metric.admin | This role serves as the Administrator within the application, and contains the responsibilities of the Metric Manager role. The role possesses the ability to override metric data results in metric data tasks and has the authority to delete metric definitions and metrics. Typically, this role is assigned to individuals holding positions as product owners or application administrators. | sn_grc_metric.manager, schedule_admin |
| sn_grc_metric.manager | This role possesses the ability read, create, and update metric definitions and metrics. It is primarily assigned to risk managers, compliance managers, or business managers, who require the authority to define metrics within their respective areas of responsibility. | sn_grc_metric.user |
| sn_grc_metric.reader | This role is restricted to read- only access. It does not possess the privileges to create, edit, or update any metric definitions or metrics. However, as a metric reader, this role is authorized to review and approve metric data tasks where they have been designated as an approver. This role can be assigned to managers and executives if they want to access dashboards with metrics data to monitor the performance of the metrics. | None |
