### Operational risk heatmap for Advanced Risk Assessment in the Risk Workspace

*Pages 390–390*

Roles installed with the GRC: Metrics application (continued)
Role Description Contains
sn_grc_metric.user This role is primarily assigned sn_grc.reader,
to data owners, enabling them sn_grc_metric.reader
to respond to manual metric
data entry tasks. Typically,
these users are from the
business and hold ownership
responsibilities within the
organization.
sn_grc_metric.developer Users with this role possess None
the privilege to write and edit
the script for data collection
automated metric definition.
Analytics and reporting solutions for Risk Management
Platform Analytics Solutions contain preconfigured dashboards. These dashboards contain
actionable data visualizations that help you improve your business processes and practices.
This Platform Analytics Solution is available on the ServiceNow Store.
Request apps on the Store
Visit the ServiceNow Store to view all the available apps, and for information about submitting
requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps, see the
ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
Platform Analytics data visualizations use Performance Analytics indicator data to show you data
over time, helping you analyze your business processes and identify areas of improvement. With
Platform Analytics Solutions, you can get value from Performance Analytics for your application
with minimal setup. You can always create your own objects as well.
To enable the Analytics and Reporting solution for GRC: Risk Management, perform these steps.
1.Visit the ServiceNow Store and obtain an entitlement to the Performance Analytics - GRC: Risk
Management application and associated applications. See Install a ServiceNow Product on
the ServiceNow Store.
2. On the instance, navigate to System Applications > All Applications > All.
3. Locate and install the Performance Analytics - GRC: Risk Management application.
The following reports and dashboards are available in the Risk Management application.
Important:
Starting with version 18.1.0 of the Risk Management application, the Analytics and
Reporting solutions for Risk Management are available in the Next Experience UI
Framework.
Operational risk heatmap for Advanced Risk Assessment in the Risk
Workspace
As an operational risk manager, you can configure and manage your risk heatmaps in the Risk
Workspace.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2788
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role | Description | Contains |
| --- | --- | --- |
| sn_grc_metric.user | This role is primarily assigned to data owners, enabling them to respond to manual metric data entry tasks. Typically, these users are from the business and hold ownership responsibilities within the organization. | sn_grc.reader, sn_grc_metric.reader |
| sn_grc_metric.developer | Users with this role possess the privilege to write and edit the script for data collection automated metric definition. | None |
