### Basel dashboard

*Pages 411–411*

Title Type Description
entities that need immediate
attention.
Inherent Assessments by Due Bar graph The number of upcoming
Date inherent assessments
assigned to a user based on
the due date. This is a weekly
report.
Questionnaires by Due Date Bar graph The number of upcoming
questionnaires assigned to a
user based on the due dates.
This is a weekly report.
Basel dashboard
The Basel dashboard is a medium to share the Basel reports with external regulators for Basel
regulations. This dashboard is useful for banking and financial domains where it is compulsory to
share the Basel reports.
As a business user, you can choose to enable or disable displaying this dashboard by
configuring the Show Basel attributes and properties property under Risk
Event Properties.
This dashboard has two tabs:
•LOB to Category Mapping reports:
◦Net loss by Business Line & Category (YTD)
◦Net loss by Business Line & Category (QTD)
◦Number of Events by Business Line & Category (YTD)
◦Number of Events by Business Line & Category (QTD)
•Risk Events by Open & Closed State reports:
◦Open Risk Events by Basel Category
◦Closed Risk Events by Basel Category
◦Open Risk Events by Line of Business
◦Closed Risk Events by Line of Business
Important: Starting with version 18.1.0 of the Risk Management and Advanced Risk
applications, the Basel dashboard is available in the Next Experience UI Framework.
If you are on Vancouver or Washington DC, you can view the dashboard in the Next
Experience UI Framework.
To view the dashboard, navigate to All > Risk Events > Analytics Basel Dashboard.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2809
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Title | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | entities that need immediate attention. |
| Inherent Assessments by Due Date | Bar graph | The number of upcoming inherent assessments assigned to a user based on the due date. This is a weekly report. |
| Questionnaires by Due Date | Bar graph | The number of upcoming questionnaires assigned to a user based on the due dates. This is a weekly report. |
