### Advanced Governance, Risk, and Compliance Application Risk dashboard

*Pages 414–417*

Name Description
Inherent Annual Loss Calculation of the inherent Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE)
Exposures
Inherent Risk Calculation of the inherent risk score from the likelihood and
significance of a risk.
Inherent Risk Heatmap Inherent risk heatmap providing total number of risks by very high
risk, high risk, moderate risk, low risk and very low risk
Low Inherent Risk Displays the number (count) of low inherent risks.
Low Residual Risk Displays the number (count) of low residual risks.
Moderate Inherent Risk Displays the number (count) of moderate inherent risks.
Moderate Residual Displays the number (count) of moderate residual risks.
Risk
Residual Annual Loss Calculation of the residual Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE)
Exposures
Residual Risk Calculation of the residual risk score from the likelihood and
significance of a risk.
Residual Risk Heatmap Total number of residual risks by very high risk, high risk, moderate
risk, low risk, very low risk
Risk by Entity Number of total active risks broken down by profile.
Risk Exceptions Listing of all risk exceptions
Risk Issues by Total number of open risks over time broken down by framework
Framework (Opened
Date)
Risks by Category Total number of open risks broken down by category
Risks by Response Total number of open risks broken down by response
Very High Inherent Risk Displays the number (count) of very high inherent risks.
Very High Residual Risk Displays the number (count) of very high residual risks.
Very Low Inherent Risk Displays the number (count) of very low inherent risks.
Very Low Residual Risk Displays the number of very low residual risks.
Advanced Governance, Risk, and Compliance Application Risk dashboard
The GRC Application Risk and Compliance Overview Dashboard provides the latest view of
risk and compliance aspects for the business applications that are used in an enterprise.
The Application Risk Dashboard is useful for the Chief Information Officer (CIO) and
application owners. Both these users must have the sn_compliance.reader, sn_risk.reader, and
sn_audit.user roles to view the dashboard. Navigate to Advanced GRC Dashboard > Application
Risk Dashboard. The Application Risk and Compliance Overview Dashboard is displayed.
Note: To be able to view this dashboard, you must activate the GRC: Advanced
Dashboards (com.sn_grc_pa_advanced) plugin and the GRC: Policy and Compliance
Management (sn_compliance) plugin.
The Application Risk and Compliance Overview dashboard provides you a detailed report of the
risk and compliance posture of all the business applications in an organization.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2812
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Inherent Annual Loss Exposures | Calculation of the inherent Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE) |
| Inherent Risk | Calculation of the inherent risk score from the likelihood and significance of a risk. |
| Inherent Risk Heatmap | Inherent risk heatmap providing total number of risks by very high risk, high risk, moderate risk, low risk and very low risk |
| Low Inherent Risk | Displays the number (count) of low inherent risks. |
| Low Residual Risk | Displays the number (count) of low residual risks. |
| Moderate Inherent Risk | Displays the number (count) of moderate inherent risks. |
| Moderate Residual Risk | Displays the number (count) of moderate residual risks. |
| Residual Annual Loss Exposures | Calculation of the residual Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE) |
| Residual Risk | Calculation of the residual risk score from the likelihood and significance of a risk. |
| Residual Risk Heatmap | Total number of residual risks by very high risk, high risk, moderate risk, low risk, very low risk |
| Risk by Entity | Number of total active risks broken down by profile. |
| Risk Exceptions | Listing of all risk exceptions |
| Risk Issues by Framework (Opened Date) | Total number of open risks over time broken down by framework |
| Risks by Category | Total number of open risks broken down by category |
| Risks by Response | Total number of open risks broken down by response |
| Very High Inherent Risk | Displays the number (count) of very high inherent risks. |
| Very High Residual Risk | Displays the number (count) of very high residual risks. |
| Very Low Inherent Risk | Displays the number (count) of very low inherent risks. |
| Very Low Residual Risk | Displays the number of very low residual risks. |

The dashboard highlights the following:
•The compliance impact of applications in use.
•The risk posture of applications.
•The state of remediation and exceptions activity of the issues.
•The audit activity around applications and status.
The dashboard provides answers to the following questions that are of interest to the CIO and
the application owner:
1.What are the key applications, and are they all operational and delivering the required services
optimally?
2. What are the policies and authority documents that the applications must be compliant to? Are
the applications compliant to them?
3. What are the risks faced by the applications? Are any of them high to raise a concern? Are
there enough mitigations in place? Are there adequate controls in place and are they working
effectively?
4.For applications that need remediation, are the remediations being done on time according to
the Service Level Agreements (SLAs)? Which are the applications that generate the maximum
number of issues?
5. Are exceptions being sought often on the applications and why? Are they within manageable
limits?
6.Are the applications due for audit any time? How have the applications performed on these
audits?
The dashboard offers various representations such as bar graphs, donut charts, and trend
charts. Application owners can use various filters on the dashboard to view reports related to
the business applications they own such as, critical business applications, mandated controls
related to specific business application, or high priority issues and so on.
Compliance Overview
The Compliance Overview tab appears when you activate the Policy and Compliance plugin.
The Compliance Overview tab provides an overview of the compliance posture of the business
applications and displays the following reports:
•Total Controls: This report provides the total number of active controls.
•Compliant Controls: This report provides the total number of compliant controls which are not
in draft or retired state.
•Non-Compliant Controls: This report provides the total number of non-compliant controls
which are not in draft or retired state.
•Compliance Status By Month: This report provides the number of active controls by month.
Note: This bar chart shows the compliance status for the current month and can be
grouped by either Control Status or Business Application.
•Compliance %: This report provides the percentage of different statuses of active controls
such as Compliant, Non Compliant, and Not Applicable.
•Application Compliance Summary: This report provides the summary of policies, authority
documents, and the controls associated with business applications.
The following filters can be used to filter data on the reports:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2813
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

•Business Application
•Business Criticality
•Entity Owner
•Enforcement such as mandatory or voluntary controls
•Key Control
•Control State
•Control Owning Group
Risk Overview
The Risk Overview tab appears when you activate the Advanced Risk plugin. The Risk Overview
tab provides an overview of the risks associated with business applications and displays the
following reports:
•Risk Heatmap by Application Criticality: This report displays the heatmap of the application
risks based on criticality of applications versus the risk rating of the application.
•Risk Response Tasks Overview: This report displays the response tasks created for a risk and
different states of those tasks.
Note: This bar chart can be grouped by and stacked by risk response, risk response
state, risk calculated score, risk response assigned to, or business application.
•Application Risk Summary: This report displays the summary of risks directly associated with
the applications that contribute to the overall risk rating of the application. Other downstream
risks that contribute to the application risk rating are not represented in this report. The risks
considered for this report are very high, high, and moderate.
•Application Risk Mitigating Controls Status: This report provides the information for an
application's risks and the associated controls. The risks considered for this report are very
high, high, and moderate. The state of controls must not be in draft or retired. The risks for only
one year are displayed.
The following filters can be used to filter data on the reports:
•Business Application
•Criticality
•Risk Rating
•Application Owner
•Business Owner
Risk Posture
The Risk Posture tab appears when you activate the Risk plugin. The Risk Posture tab provides
information about the risk exposure of business applications. The reports in this tab can also be
filtered using the Business Application filter. The Risk Posture tab displays the following:
•Very High Risks: This report displays the very high risks of an application.
•High Risks: This report displays the high risks of an application.
•Moderate Risks: This report displays the moderate risks of an application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2814
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

•Acceptance Task Expirations: This report displays the risk response acceptance tasks that
have an expiration on the current day, the current week, the current month, the current quarter,
and the current year.
•Contributing Risks Trend: This report displays the trend of risks directly associated with
business applications and how they are performing over a period. Other downstream risks that
contribute to the application risk rating are not represented in this report.
Audit Overview
The Audit Overview tab appears when you activate the Audit plugin. The Audit Overview tab
provides an overview of audit and audit activities related to business applications and displays
the following reports:
•Open Audit Engagements: This report displays the number of audit engagements in open
state.
•Ineffective Controls: This report displays the number of ineffective controls for an audit
engagement.
•Open Issues: This report displays the number of open issues for an audit engagement.
•Past Due Issues: This report displays the number of past due audit issues for an application.
•Upcoming Audit Engagements: This report displays the monthly count for the upcoming audit
engagements.
•Open Issues by Audit Engagements: This report displays the monthly count for the open audit
issues.
•Past Due Issues by Audit Engagements: This report displays the past due audit issues over a
period.
•Ineffective Controls by Audit Engagements: This report displays the information regarding
audit engagements and the associated ineffective controls.
The following filters can be used to filter data on the reports:
•Business Application
•Audit Engagement
•Criticality
Policy Exceptions Overview
The Policy Exceptions Overview tab appears when you activate the Policy and Compliance
plugin. The Policy Exception Overview tab provides information about policy exceptions
requested for business applications. The data displayed in the Policy Exceptions Overview tab
can be filtered using the Business Application filter. This tab displays the following reports:
•New Exceptions: This report provides information about the new exceptions requested.
•Approved Exceptions: This report provides information about the number of approved
exceptions.
•Rejected Exceptions: This report provides information about the number of rejected
exceptions.
•Expired Exceptions: This report provides information about the number of expired exceptions.
•Exceptions Awaiting Approval: This report provides information about the exceptions that are
awaiting approval and are due on the current date, the current week, the current month, and
the current quarter.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2815
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
