# Implementing Policy and Compliance Management

*Pages 8–44 of source PDF*


---
*Page 8*

Draft
A compliance admin, compliance manager, or a compliance user can create a
policy, define and capture its related information. In this draft state, reviewers are
identified, who have the ability to edit the policy in its review state, and approvers
who can approve the policy. Control objectives that already exist can be added
to the policy or new ones can be created. Each policy has a Valid to period, within
which it is updated, reviewed, republished, or retired. In this state, the actions that
are available for you to perform on the policy are Update, Ready for Review, and
Delete.
Review
Only the policy reviewers can Update the policy in this state to ensure that it
satisfies all regulatory requirements. They review the control objectives, its
associated entities, controls, and citations, and add additional information, remove
unnecessary mappings, or create new control objectives. The reviewer can move
the policy Back to Draft state if the policy does not fulfill the requirements or if more
details are needed.
Reviewers cannot request approval for a policy. However, the owner of the policy
with sn_compliance.user, which is the minimum required role, and users with
compliance manager role can request approval for a policy.
Awaiting approval
If a policy approver is assigned to the policy, the policy moves to the Awaiting
approval state. Otherwise, it moves to the Published state. In this state, the approver
can Delete the policy as well. In the Awaiting approval state, a policy approval task
is created and assigned to the approver. The task is in Requested state, and the
approver can change it to any of the following states:
•Requested
•Approved
•Rejected
•Cancelled
•No longer required
Published
When the policy moves to the Published state the system automatically generates
a Knowledge Base article. The policy becomes a mandate for all users to follow its
guidelines and requirements, which is through the controls that are mapped to the
policy. In this state, the policy can also be sent Back to Review, Retired, or Deleted.
Retired
A policy may be retired if no longer required, or when it no longer serves a business
purpose. The Knowledge Base article that was created is removed, but the policy
stays in retired state for audit purpose. If the policy is needed again, it can be sent
back to the Draft stage, and the policy's life cycle begins again.
Implementing Policy and Compliance Management
Use the steps in the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application checklist to
download the Policy and Compliance Management from the ServiceNow Store, and get it ready
for operation. Mandatory and optional setup steps, as well as an implementation checklist are
provided to simplify the setup.
The flow of mandatory steps in the checklist are illustrated here.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1705
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 9*

When you have completed the mandatory steps outlined above, other optional setup procedures
are available.
Implement setup checklist for the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
application
This checklist includes the setup tasks that you are required to complete in your ServiceNow
®
AI Platform instance. When you have completed these tasks, the base system is ready for
operation. Optional setup procedures are also included to enhance GRC: Policy and Compliance
Management functionality.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin, sn_compliance.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1706
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 10*

Consider creating and printing a PDF of this checklist topic. You can then check off tasks as you
complete them.
Procedure
To generate a PDF, click the Save As PDF icon ( ) at the top of the topic and click Selected
topic.
GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application checklist
Item Description
As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role,
verify that you have the GRC core applications installed on a ServiceNow AI
Platform instance.
Note: The GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform
instance should be from the same family release.
a.To verify the GRC: GRC Profile Dependencies core application is installed
on your instance, navigate to Plugins and search for GRC Profile.
b.If the GRC Profile core application is not already installed, click Install to
install it.
c.After the GRC Profile application is installed, install the Policy and
Compliance Management core application.
If Policy and Compliance Management is not visible in your instance, all
of the GRC core applications are available from the ServiceNow Store. For
more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the
GRC core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator role, in your ServiceNow AI
Platform instance, verify that you have assigned users with the required
ServiceNow AI Platform roles.
For detailed instructions and a list of Policy and Compliance Management
roles, see Assigning Policy and Compliance Management roles to your
users.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator role, set Policy and
Compliance Management properties to control various behaviors in the
system. For example, you can define states for which a control is active or
inactive.
For detailed instructions, see Set Policy and Compliance Management
properties.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role,
create policies. A policy is a document that defines an internal practice
that processes must follow. Policies are defined as policies, procedures,
standards, plans, checklists, frameworks, and templates.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1707
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role, verify that you have the GRC core applications installed on a ServiceNow AI Platform instance. Note: The GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance should be from the same family release. a.To verify the GRC: GRC Profile Dependencies core application is installed on your instance, navigate to Plugins and search for GRC Profile. b.If the GRC Profile core application is not already installed, click Install to install it. c.After the GRC Profile application is installed, install the Policy and Compliance Management core application. If Policy and Compliance Management is not visible in your instance, all of the GRC core applications are available from the ServiceNow Store. For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store. |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator role, in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, verify that you have assigned users with the required ServiceNow AI Platform roles. For detailed instructions and a list of Policy and Compliance Management roles, see Assigning Policy and Compliance Management roles to your users. |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator role, set Policy and Compliance Management properties to control various behaviors in the system. For example, you can define states for which a control is active or inactive. For detailed instructions, see Set Policy and Compliance Management properties. |


---
*Page 11*

Item Description
For detailed instructions, see Create a policy.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role,
create control objectives. A control objective is an objective, direction, or
standard that acts as guidance for company interactions and operations.
They can be categorized, classified, and related to policies.
For detailed instructions, see Create a control objective.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role,
relate control objectives to policies. You can associate control objectives to
a policy individually when the policy is in the Review or Draft state.
For detailed instructions, see Relate a control objective to a policy.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator, Compliance Manager, or
Attestation Creator role, create an attestation. The Attestation Designer
allows you to create and edit metric types, as well as define different metric
types for different controls.
For detailed instructions, see Create a control attestation using the
Attestation Designer.
As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager
role, create control indicators. Indicator data for controls, risk, and audit
evidence are measured differently depending on the GRC application.
For detailed instructions, see Create a control indicator.
Congratulations! You have successfully set up the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
base system. Depending on the needs of your organization, optional setup procedures are
available. For example, if you integrate with Network Frontiers Unified Compliance Framework
(UCF), procedures for managing the integration are here. Or if you want to set up the mobile
experience for GRC: Policy and Compliance Management, those procedures are also here.
For detailed instructions for optional features, see Policy and Compliance Management
enhancement steps.
Download GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
Before you run GRC: Policy and Compliance Management (com.sn_compliance) in your instance,
you must download it from the ServiceNow Store.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1708
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For detailed instructions, see Create a policy. |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role, create control objectives. A control objective is an objective, direction, or standard that acts as guidance for company interactions and operations. They can be categorized, classified, and related to policies. For detailed instructions, see Create a control objective. |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role, relate control objectives to policies. You can associate control objectives to a policy individually when the policy is in the Review or Draft state. For detailed instructions, see Relate a control objective to a policy. |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator, Compliance Manager, or Attestation Creator role, create an attestation. The Attestation Designer allows you to create and edit metric types, as well as define different metric types for different controls. For detailed instructions, see Create a control attestation using the Attestation Designer. |
|  | As a user with the Compliance Administrator or Compliance Manager role, create control indicators. Indicator data for controls, risk, and audit evidence are measured differently depending on the GRC application. For detailed instructions, see Create a control indicator. |


---
*Page 12*

Note: Starting with Version 10.1, you can leverage new policy exception capabilities in
Policy and Compliance Management from within Version 10.3 of the Vulnerability Response
application. To use this feature, you must upgrade Policy and Compliance Management
before upgrading Vulnerability Response. For more information, see
Related topics
List of plugins
Quick start tests for Policy and Compliance Management
Validate that GRC: Policy and Compliance Management still works after you make any
configuration change, such as apply an upgrade or develop an application. Copy and customize
these quick start tests to pass when using your instance-specific data.
GRC: Policy and Compliance Management quick start tests require activating the Policy and
Compliance Management plugin (com.sn_compliance) and loading the demo data.
GRC: Policy and Compliance Management Quick Start Tests test suite
Test Description Release version
GRC: Create Controls Validates control creation. Madrid
GRC: Create Policy Exception Create a policy exception and Paris
and Flow navigate through its states.
GRC: Policy Lifecycle Create a policy and navigate Paris
through its states.
Related topics
Quick start tests
Perform Policy and Compliance Management administration
Prior to performing application-specific setup, you need to prepare the system. This involves
assigning user roles and setting properties.
Assigning Policy and Compliance Management roles to your users
Before you can successfully implement or use the Policy and Compliance Management
application, you must assign roles to your users.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > User Administration > Users.
2. Click the name of a user.
3. Click the Roles tab.
4.Click Edit.
5. Move the roles you want to assign to the user from the Collection side to the Roles List, then
click Save.
6.Repeat these steps for each of your users.
For a comprehensive list of compliance users, see Roles installed with GRC: Policy and
Compliance Management.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1709
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Test | Description | Release version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GRC: Create Controls | Validates control creation. | Madrid |
| GRC: Create Policy Exception and Flow | Create a policy exception and navigate through its states. | Paris |
| GRC: Policy Lifecycle | Create a policy and navigate through its states. | Paris |


---
*Page 13*

Role title [name] Description
Compliance Reader
The Compliance Reader has read-only
[sn_compliance.reader] access to all modules of the Policy and
Compliance Management application. This
role is typically assigned to users who need
to see what policies and controls are within
the organization. Users with the reader role
are also often responsible for reporting and
monitoring activities.
The Compliance Reader role contains:
sn_grc.reader.
Compliance User The Compliance User, often referred to as
the Compliance Analyst, has permissions
[sn_compliance.user] enough to fulfill virtually any policy- or
control-related task.
Users assigned this role are often
responsible for:
◦Creating new policies
◦Requesting policy exceptions
◦Responding to acknowledgement requests
◦Creating controls objectives and relating
them to policies
◦Testing and monitoring control
effectiveness
◦Attesting controls
◦Remediating issues
◦Assisting with risk assessments and audit
tasks
The Compliance User role contains:
◦sn_grc.reader
◦sn_grc.user
◦sn_compliance.reader
Note: Users with the Compliance
User role can be assigned controls,
and have read-only access to the Risk
Management application and modules.
Compliance Manager
The Compliance Manager is responsible
[sn_compliance.manager] for managing the day-to-day compliance
process.
Users assigned this role are often
responsible for:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1710
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Compliance Reader [sn_compliance.reader] | The Compliance Reader has read-only access to all modules of the Policy and Compliance Management application. This role is typically assigned to users who need to see what policies and controls are within the organization. Users with the reader role are also often responsible for reporting and monitoring activities. The Compliance Reader role contains: sn_grc.reader. |
| Compliance User [sn_compliance.user] | The Compliance User, often referred to as the Compliance Analyst, has permissions enough to fulfill virtually any policy- or control-related task. Users assigned this role are often responsible for: ◦Creating new policies ◦Requesting policy exceptions ◦Responding to acknowledgement requests ◦Creating controls objectives and relating them to policies ◦Testing and monitoring control effectiveness ◦Attesting controls ◦Remediating issues ◦Assisting with risk assessments and audit tasks The Compliance User role contains: ◦sn_grc.reader ◦sn_grc.user ◦sn_compliance.reader Note: Users with the Compliance User role can be assigned controls, and have read-only access to the Risk Management application and modules. |


---
*Page 14*

Role title [name] Description
◦Reviewing specific regulatory requirements
and trends
◦Determining which regulations require a
policy
◦Approving policies and policy exceptions
◦Setting up a policy acknowledgement
campaign
◦Scoping controls using entity types and
entities
◦Creating and assigning attestations
◦Continuously monitoring control
effectiveness
◦Compiling and sharing reports highlighting
data, such as non-compliant controls
The Compliance Manager role contains:
◦sn_grc.reader
◦sn_grc.user
◦sn_grc.manager
◦sn_compliance.reader
◦sn_compliance.user
Compliance Administrator
The Compliance Administrator administers
[sn_compliance.admin] the Policy and Compliance Management
application.
Users assigned this role are often
responsible for:
◦Monitoring platform dependencies with
other applications and modules
◦Controlling all compliance data
The Compliance Administrator role contains:
◦sn_grc.reader
◦sn_grc.user
◦sn_grc.manager
◦sn_grc.admin
◦sn_compliance.reader
◦sn_compliance.user
◦sn_compliance.manager
Compliance Developer The Compliance Developer is responsible
for maintaining various aspects of the
[sn_compliance.developer] platform, such as creating workflows, reports,
dashboards, additional modules, and other
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1711
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Reviewing specific regulatory requirements and trends ◦Determining which regulations require a policy ◦Approving policies and policy exceptions ◦Setting up a policy acknowledgement campaign ◦Scoping controls using entity types and entities ◦Creating and assigning attestations ◦Continuously monitoring control effectiveness ◦Compiling and sharing reports highlighting data, such as non-compliant controls The Compliance Manager role contains: ◦sn_grc.reader ◦sn_grc.user ◦sn_grc.manager ◦sn_compliance.reader ◦sn_compliance.user |
| Compliance Administrator [sn_compliance.admin] | The Compliance Administrator administers the Policy and Compliance Management application. Users assigned this role are often responsible for: ◦Monitoring platform dependencies with other applications and modules ◦Controlling all compliance data The Compliance Administrator role contains: ◦sn_grc.reader ◦sn_grc.user ◦sn_grc.manager ◦sn_grc.admin ◦sn_compliance.reader ◦sn_compliance.user ◦sn_compliance.manager |


---
*Page 15*

Role title [name] Description
platform-specific content that can enrich the
application.
The Compliance Developer role contains:
◦sn_grc.reader
◦sn_grc.user
◦sn_grc.manager
◦sn_grc.admin
◦sn_grc.developer
◦sn_compliance.reader
◦sn_compliance.user
◦sn_compliance.manager
◦sn_compliance.admin
Attestation Creator The Attestation Creator is responsible
for creating and maintaining attestations.
sn_compliance.attestation_creator Attestations are one of the platform
components used to attest controls and it is
essential for keeping them lean, precise, and
up-to-date.
What to do next
Return to the Policy and Compliance Management setup checklist.
Set Policy and Compliance Management properties
Set properties to control various aspects and behaviors in the software.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties.
Name Description
States for which the control is active (the first state is the default active Compliance
state) administrators
can change this
sn_compliance.active_states setting.
Note: Controls in active states only, as mentioned in this property, •Type: string
are considered during compliance score calculation. •Default value:
draft, assess,
review, monitor
•Location:
Policy and
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1712
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | platform-specific content that can enrich the application. The Compliance Developer role contains: ◦sn_grc.reader ◦sn_grc.user ◦sn_grc.manager ◦sn_grc.admin ◦sn_grc.developer ◦sn_compliance.reader ◦sn_compliance.user ◦sn_compliance.manager ◦sn_compliance.admin |
| Attestation Creator sn_compliance.attestation_creator | The Attestation Creator is responsible for creating and maintaining attestations. Attestations are one of the platform components used to attest controls and it is essential for keeping them lean, precise, and up-to-date. |

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 16*

Name Description
Compliance >
Administration
> Properties
States for which control is inactive (the first state is the default inactive) Compliance
administrators
sn_compliance.closed_states can change this
setting.
Note: Controls in inactive states, as mentioned in this property, are
•Type: string
not considered during compliance score calculation.
•Default value:
retired
•Location:
Policy and
Compliance >
Administration
> Properties
Name of the assessment metric type that is used for attestations System
administrators
sn_compliance.default_attestation can change this
setting.
•Type: string
•Default value:
GRC Attestation
•Location:
Policy and
Compliance >
Administration
> Properties
This is a platform-level system property that is used to run client scripts
•Type: true or
in strict mode with direct DOM disabled. When this property is set to true,
false
you cannot use jquery or change the DOM directly.
•Default value:
sn_compliance.glide.script.block.client.globals false
•Location:
Policy and
Compliance >
Administration
> Properties
Name of the knowledge base used to publish Policy articles Compliance
administrators
sn_compliance.knowledge_base can change this
setting.
•Type: string
•Default value:
Governance,
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1713
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Compliance > Administration > Properties |
| States for which control is inactive (the first state is the default inactive) sn_compliance.closed_states Note: Controls in inactive states, as mentioned in this property, are not considered during compliance score calculation. | Compliance administrators can change this setting. •Type: string •Default value: retired •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |
| Name of the assessment metric type that is used for attestations sn_compliance.default_attestation | System administrators can change this setting. •Type: string •Default value: GRC Attestation •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |
| This is a platform-level system property that is used to run client scripts in strict mode with direct DOM disabled. When this property is set to true, you cannot use jquery or change the DOM directly. sn_compliance.glide.script.block.client.globals | •Type: true or false •Default value: false •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |


---
*Page 17*

Name Description
Risk, and
Compliance
•Location:
Policy and
Compliance >
Administration
> Properties
What to do next
Return to the Policy and Compliance Management setup checklist.
Policy and Compliance Management mandatory setup
After you have assigned roles to your users and set Policy and Compliance Management
properties, proceed with the mandatory setup steps.
The flow of mandatory steps in the checklist are illustrated here.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1714
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Risk, and Compliance •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |


---
*Page 18*

When you have completed the mandatory steps outlined above, other optional setup procedures
are available.
Create a policy
A policy defines an internal practice that processes must follow. Policies are defined as policies,
procedures, standards, plans, checklists, frameworks, and templates.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
Users with Compliance user (sn_compliance.user) role can also create policies.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Policies.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Policy
Field Description
Name The name of the policy.
Type
List of options:
◦Policy
◦Procedure
◦Standard
◦Plan
◦Checklist
◦Framework
◦Template
Owning Group that owns the policy.
Group
Owner User that owns the policy.
Compliance The compliance score percentage assigned to this policy.
Score
Percentage
Parent The policy containing this policy. If you create a control objective from within a
policy, this field is automatically filled.
Policy Click the lock icon and select one or more categories for filtering policies. For
categories example, select Vulnerability Response to view policies associated with that
application.
State The state is a read-only field. Possible choices are:
◦Draft In this state, all compliance users can modify the policy and control
objectives. All compliance users can click Request review button. Enter a
message in the Request review pop-up and click Request , which sets the
state to Review.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1715
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | The name of the policy. |
| Type | List of options: ◦Policy ◦Procedure ◦Standard ◦Plan ◦Checklist ◦Framework ◦Template |
| Owning Group | Group that owns the policy. |
| Owner | User that owns the policy. |
| Compliance Score Percentage | The compliance score percentage assigned to this policy. |
| Parent | The policy containing this policy. If you create a control objective from within a policy, this field is automatically filled. |
| Policy categories | Click the lock icon and select one or more categories for filtering policies. For example, select Vulnerability Response to view policies associated with that application. |


---
*Page 19*

Field Description
◦Review In this state, the owner, owning group, and reviewers can modify the
policy and control objectives. The owner, owning group, and reviewers move
the policy back to Draft, by clicking Back to draft, as well.
Reviewers cannot request approval for a policy. However, the owner of the
policy with sn_compliance.user, which is the minimum required role, and
users with compliance manager role can request approval for a policy.
◦Awaiting approval In this state, the policy and control objectives are read-
only for all. Approvers can approve the policy by updating the approval
state in the Approvals Related List on the policy form, or by viewing My
Approvals. If the policy is approved, the policy goes to the Published state.
Otherwise, it goes back to the Review state.
◦Published In this state, the policy and control objectives are read-only for all.
Admins can click Retire which sets the state of the policy to Retired
◦Retired In this state, the policy is read-only for all.
Valid from Specifies the date and time when the policy becomes effective.
Valid to Specifies the date and time until which the policy remains valid.
Note:
By default, when a policy expires, it doesn't automatically trigger a new
approval process. Instead, it remains in the Publishedstate until the
specified number of days (configured in the Policy and Compliance >
Administration > Properties page) have passed.
After this period, the policy transitions to either the Review state (if
reviewers are assigned) or the Draft state (if no reviewers are assigned).
The field specifying the number of days is labeled: Number of days
after reaching a policy 'Valid to' date in which the expired policy will
automatically move from its Published state back to a Draft/Review
state.
Approvers The users you want to be included in the approval process.
Reviewers Select the users you want to be included in the review process.
Description A general description of the policy.
Policy text A detailed description of the policy.
Knowledge Base
Knowledge The knowledge base article related to this policy.
base
KB article The KB article number and link where the policy is published.
Article The article template to use for the publication of this policy.
template
Acknowledgement Setup
Audience Select the default audience responsible for acknowledging this policy.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1716
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Review In this state, the owner, owning group, and reviewers can modify the policy and control objectives. The owner, owning group, and reviewers move the policy back to Draft, by clicking Back to draft, as well. Reviewers cannot request approval for a policy. However, the owner of the policy with sn_compliance.user, which is the minimum required role, and users with compliance manager role can request approval for a policy. ◦Awaiting approval In this state, the policy and control objectives are read- only for all. Approvers can approve the policy by updating the approval state in the Approvals Related List on the policy form, or by viewing My Approvals. If the policy is approved, the policy goes to the Published state. Otherwise, it goes back to the Review state. ◦Published In this state, the policy and control objectives are read-only for all. Admins can click Retire which sets the state of the policy to Retired ◦Retired In this state, the policy is read-only for all. |
| Valid from | Specifies the date and time when the policy becomes effective. |
| Valid to | Specifies the date and time until which the policy remains valid. Note: By default, when a policy expires, it doesn't automatically trigger a new approval process. Instead, it remains in the Publishedstate until the specified number of days (configured in the Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties page) have passed. After this period, the policy transitions to either the Review state (if reviewers are assigned) or the Draft state (if no reviewers are assigned). The field specifying the number of days is labeled: Number of days after reaching a policy 'Valid to' date in which the expired policy will automatically move from its Published state back to a Draft/Review state. |
| Approvers | The users you want to be included in the approval process. |
| Reviewers | Select the users you want to be included in the review process. |
| Description | A general description of the policy. |
| Policy text | A detailed description of the policy. |
| Knowledge Base |  |
| Knowledge base | The knowledge base article related to this policy. |
| KB article | The KB article number and link where the policy is published. |
| Article template | The article template to use for the publication of this policy. |
| Acknowledgement Setup |  |
| Audience | Select the default audience responsible for acknowledging this policy. |


---
*Page 20*

Field Description
Reference Click the lock icon to add the URL for any needed reference materials, such as
Material certification or training materials.
URL
Allow users Select this check box to give users the option of declining policy
to decline acknowledgements.
policy
Allow users Select this check box to give users the option of requesting exceptions for
to request policy acknowledgements.
exception
Exception Setup
Maximum Enter the maximum number of days for which a policy exception can be
exception requested for a given policy.
duration
(days)
4.Continue with one of the following options.
◦To save and submit the policy, click Submit.
◦To mark the policy ready for review, click Request review .
What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Create a control objective
A control objective is an objective, direction, or standard that acts as guidance for company
interactions and operations. Control objectives can be categorized, classified, and related to
policies.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin, sn_compliance.manager, sn_compliance.user
About this task
To understand the difference between a control objective and a control, see Structural overview
of Policy and Compliance Management.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Control Objectives.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Control Objectives form
Field Description
Name Name of the control objective.
Source Source of the control objective. For example, if the control objective is
from a third-party provider, indicate which one.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1717
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Reference Material URL | Click the lock icon to add the URL for any needed reference materials, such as certification or training materials. |
| Allow users to decline policy | Select this check box to give users the option of declining policy acknowledgements. |
| Allow users to request exception | Select this check box to give users the option of requesting exceptions for policy acknowledgements. |
| Exception Setup |  |
| Maximum exception duration (days) | Enter the maximum number of days for which a policy exception can be requested for a given policy. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the control objective. |
| Source | Source of the control objective. For example, if the control objective is from a third-party provider, indicate which one. |


---
*Page 21*

Field Description
Source ID Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this control
objective.
Reference Unique numerical identifier.
Parent Control objective that is not a child of the current control objective. This
is to avoid cyclic parent – child relationship.
Compliance Compliance score percentage calculated for this control objective and
Score Percentage it's color code:
◦80 and higher in green
◦80 to 50 in yellow
◦below 50 in red
Active Option that indicates whether a control objective is active.
Creates controls Option that indicates that controls are automatically created from the
automatically control objective.
Note: Select this option if the control objective can also serve as
the control.
Category List of options:
◦Acquisition or sale of facilities, technology, and services
◦Audits and risk management
◦Compliance and Governance Manual of Style
◦Human Resources management
◦Leadership and high-level objectives
◦Monitoring and measurement
◦Operational management
◦Physical and environmental protection
◦Privacy protection for information and data
◦Records management
◦System hardening through configuration management
◦Systems continuity
◦Systems design, build, and implementation
◦Technical security
◦Third Party and supply chain oversight
◦Root
◦Deprecated
Classification List of options:
◦Preventive
◦Corrective
◦Detective
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1718
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Source ID | Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this control objective. |
| Reference | Unique numerical identifier. |
| Parent | Control objective that is not a child of the current control objective. This is to avoid cyclic parent – child relationship. |
| Compliance Score Percentage | Compliance score percentage calculated for this control objective and it's color code: ◦80 and higher in green ◦80 to 50 in yellow ◦below 50 in red |
| Active | Option that indicates whether a control objective is active. |
| Creates controls automatically | Option that indicates that controls are automatically created from the control objective. Note: Select this option if the control objective can also serve as the control. |
| Category | List of options: ◦Acquisition or sale of facilities, technology, and services ◦Audits and risk management ◦Compliance and Governance Manual of Style ◦Human Resources management ◦Leadership and high-level objectives ◦Monitoring and measurement ◦Operational management ◦Physical and environmental protection ◦Privacy protection for information and data ◦Records management ◦System hardening through configuration management ◦Systems continuity ◦Systems design, build, and implementation ◦Technical security ◦Third Party and supply chain oversight ◦Root ◦Deprecated |
| Classification | List of options: ◦Preventive ◦Corrective ◦Detective |


---
*Page 22*

Field Description
Type List of options:
◦Acquisition/Sale of Assets or Services
◦Actionable Reports or Measurements
◦Audits and Risk Management
◦Behavior
◦Business Processes
◦Communicate
◦Configuration
◦Data and Information Management
◦Duplicate
◦Establish Roles
◦Establish/Maintain Documentation
◦Human Resources Management
◦Investigate
◦IT Impact Zone
◦Log Management
◦Maintenance
◦Monitor and Evaluate Occurrences
◦Physical and Environmental Protection
◦Process or Activity
◦Records Management
◦Systems Continuity
◦Systems Design, Build, and Implementation
◦Technical Security
◦Testing
◦Training
Attestation List of options.
◦GRC Attestation is chosen by default
◦ Note: If the user changes the control attestation, the related
control objective attestation type is changed also.
Issue group rule Group rule assigned to this control objective.
Description Description of the control objective.
4.Click Submit.
The control objective is created and all related lists are visible.
◦A control is created for every control objective when a policy is associated with an entity.
◦The control attributes default to the same attributes as the related control objective.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1719
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | List of options: ◦Acquisition/Sale of Assets or Services ◦Actionable Reports or Measurements ◦Audits and Risk Management ◦Behavior ◦Business Processes ◦Communicate ◦Configuration ◦Data and Information Management ◦Duplicate ◦Establish Roles ◦Establish/Maintain Documentation ◦Human Resources Management ◦Investigate ◦IT Impact Zone ◦Log Management ◦Maintenance ◦Monitor and Evaluate Occurrences ◦Physical and Environmental Protection ◦Process or Activity ◦Records Management ◦Systems Continuity ◦Systems Design, Build, and Implementation ◦Technical Security ◦Testing ◦Training |
| Attestation | List of options. ◦GRC Attestation is chosen by default ◦ Note: If the user changes the control attestation, the related control objective attestation type is changed also. |
| Issue group rule | Group rule assigned to this control objective. |
| Description | Description of the control objective. |


---
*Page 23*

What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Relate a control objective to a policy
Associate the control objective to a policy individually when the policy is in the review or draft
state by clicking the edit button in the Control Objective related list.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin, sn_compliance.manager, sn_compliance.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Policies.
2. Open the policy record.
3. Click Edit in the Control Objectives related list.
The slushbucket contains active control objectives with no associated policy selected.
4.Select the control objectives.
5. Click Save.
Those control objective are listed in the Control Objective related list.
What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Create a control attestation using the Attestation Designer
Use the Attestation Designer to create and edit metric types. Use different metric types for
different controls. Select multiple respondents for an attestation, as well as change scoring
parameters.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.attestation_creator, sn_compliance.manager,
sn_compliance.administrator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Attestation Types.
2. Click Attestation Designer.
The designer contains the following elements:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1720
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 24*

Element Description
Controls Supported question data types are available
in the Controls palette. Drag a control onto
the designer canvas to create a question of
that type.
Questions A library of questions for various categories,
so you do not have to build each
questionnaire from scratch.
Categories New assessment opens in the Design view.
The questionnaire Name field appears
above the first category in the canvas. A
blank question field appears in the category
container.
3. Enter a name in the Name field.
4.Drag a control onto the designer canvas to create a question of that type.
Question controls
Data type Description Scored
Attachment Question with a Manage Attachments icon that allows users to attach N
one or more files.
Boolean Question with a check box or a Yes/No list for user responses. Y
Choice List of predefined options. For more information, see the definition for Y
Choices.
Date Date field. N
Date/Time Date and time field. N
Number Number field with predefined minimum and maximum values. The N
default is 1–10.
Percentage Percentage field with a prescribed range. N
Scale Predefined Likert scale. Answer options appear as radio buttons. Y
Numeric Selectable number scale. The default is 1–5. Answer options appear as Y
Scale radio buttons.
String Single or multi-line text field. N
Template Choice list of templates that provide a predefined scale of options. Y
Note: It is important to assign a template to every attestation.
This allows controls to be created automatically based on control
objectives and entity types.
Reference Choice list of fields from a specified reference table. This data type N
does not support reference qualifiers.
Note: Set the correct answer for the metric that you want to be scored. Scored metrics
determine the compliance status of the controls.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1721
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Element | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Controls | Supported question data types are available in the Controls palette. Drag a control onto the designer canvas to create a question of that type. |
| Questions | A library of questions for various categories, so you do not have to build each questionnaire from scratch. |
| Categories | New assessment opens in the Design view. The questionnaire Name field appears above the first category in the canvas. A blank question field appears in the category container. |

| Data type | Description | Scored |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachment | Question with a Manage Attachments icon that allows users to attach one or more files. | N |
| Boolean | Question with a check box or a Yes/No list for user responses. | Y |
| Choice | List of predefined options. For more information, see the definition for Choices. | Y |
| Date | Date field. | N |
| Date/Time | Date and time field. | N |
| Number | Number field with predefined minimum and maximum values. The default is 1–10. | N |
| Percentage | Percentage field with a prescribed range. | N |
| Scale | Predefined Likert scale. Answer options appear as radio buttons. | Y |
| Numeric Scale | Selectable number scale. The default is 1–5. Answer options appear as radio buttons. | Y |
| String | Single or multi-line text field. | N |
| Template | Choice list of templates that provide a predefined scale of options. Note: It is important to assign a template to every attestation. This allows controls to be created automatically based on control objectives and entity types. | Y |
| Reference | Choice list of fields from a specified reference table. This data type does not support reference qualifiers. | N |


---
*Page 25*

5. Point to the menu icon in the upper right of the Attestation Designer and select New
Attestation.
A fresh canvas opens for you to build a new attestation.
6.To edit an existing attestation, point to the menu icon in the upper right of the Attestation
Designer and select Load Attestation.
You can modify questions, adjust scoring parameters, and change the scale factor. Save your
changes when complete.
Note: The availability of the New Attestation and Load Attestation options depend on
the status of the attestation that is opened in the designer.
Unlike other types of assessments, control attestations don't appear in the Self-Service >
My assessments & surveys module, because many control attestations could be generated
at once. Instead, controls attestations are shown as a list in the Policy and Compliance >
Controls > My Attestations module and All Attestations module.
What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Create a control indicator
Indicator data for controls, risk, and audit evidence are measured differently depending on the
GRC application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_admin, sn_compliance_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicators.
◦Risk > Indicators > Indicators.
◦Audit > Indicators > Indicators.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator form
Field Description
Category Select Compliance Indicator for a control
indicator and Risk Indicator for a risk
indicator.
Name Name of the indicator.
Applies to Entity related to the Item.
Owning group Group that owns the indicator.
Owner Indicator owner.
Number Unique identification number.
Active Option that indicates whether the indicator is
active.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1722
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Category | Select Compliance Indicator for a control indicator and Risk Indicator for a risk indicator. |
| Name | Name of the indicator. |
| Applies to | Entity related to the Item. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the indicator. |
| Owner | Indicator owner. |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Active | Option that indicates whether the indicator is active. |


---
*Page 26*

Field Description
Item Related control or risk.
Template Related indicator template.
Override Template Option that indicates whether to override the
indicator template associated to this indicator
Last result passed Option that indicates whether the last result
passed.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
Next run time Next collection time for indicator results.
Method
Type Results can be gathered manually using task
assignment or automatically using basic
filter conditions, Performance Analytics, or a
script.
◦Manual
◦Basic
Short Description If Type is Manual, this field is present. Brief
description of the issue.
Instructions If Type is Manual, this field is present.
Instructions for the collection of indicator
results.
Value Mandatory If Type is Manual, this field is present.
Passed/Failed If Type is Basic, this field is present. Indicator
passes or fails.
PA Threshold If Type is PA Indicator, this field is present.
The associated PA Threshold.
Script If Type is Script, this field is present. Script
that obtains the desired system information.
Supporting Data
Note: Starting with Version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data
records from the indicator results or indicator tasks is displayed. Earlier, only the real-
time state of the records collected could be viewed.
Table Use supporting data to gather supporting
evidence from other applications.
Supporting data fields Supporting data fields based on the selected
table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1723
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Item | Related control or risk. |
| Template | Related indicator template. |
| Override Template | Option that indicates whether to override the indicator template associated to this indicator |
| Last result passed | Option that indicates whether the last result passed. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| Next run time | Next collection time for indicator results. |
| Method |  |
| Type | Results can be gathered manually using task assignment or automatically using basic filter conditions, Performance Analytics, or a script. ◦Manual ◦Basic |
| Short Description | If Type is Manual, this field is present. Brief description of the issue. |
| Instructions | If Type is Manual, this field is present. Instructions for the collection of indicator results. |
| Value Mandatory | If Type is Manual, this field is present. |
| Passed/Failed | If Type is Basic, this field is present. Indicator passes or fails. |
| PA Threshold | If Type is PA Indicator, this field is present. The associated PA Threshold. |
| Script | If Type is Script, this field is present. Script that obtains the desired system information. |
| Supporting Data |  |
| Note: Starting with Version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks is displayed. Earlier, only the real- time state of the records collected could be viewed. |  |
| Table | Use supporting data to gather supporting evidence from other applications. |
| Supporting data fields | Supporting data fields based on the selected table. |


---
*Page 27*

4.Select Submit.
Note: As a compliance manager or compliance admin, you can assign the indicator task
to a user with Business User Lite role. If you assign a user with a Business User Lite role
as an owner in the Owner field and Execute the indicator, an indicator task is created in
the Open Tasks related list. This indicator task is assigned to the owner with the Business
User Lite role.
As a user with the Business User Lite role, you can navigate to Policy and Compliance >
Indicators > My Indicator Tasks to view the indicator tasks that are assigned to you. You
can view the indicator by selecting the information icon next to the Indicator field. You
can also update the Result field, State field, Value field, Additional comments, and Work
notes in the Indicator Task form.
To accomplish similar tasks from the employee center, see GRC tasks in the employee
center portal.
What to do next
If you’re implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, then you've completed
the required setup steps. Return to the Policy and Compliance Management setup checklist and
proceed to the optional steps, as needed.
Policy and Compliance Management enhancement steps
After you have set up the Policy and Compliance Management base system, you can perform the
procedures listed in the following sections to enhance the functionality of the application.
Related topics
Managing mobile experience for GRC Policy and Compliance
Create a GRC article template
Create or deactivate a citation
Set notification properties
Set up GRC Virtual Agent
Allow policy exception requests from other applications
Create a GRC article template
Policy and Compliance managers can create templates for policy article publishing.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.developer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Article Templates.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Authority Document
Field Description
Name Name of the article template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1724
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the article template. |


---
*Page 28*

Field Description
Type
◦Script
◦HTML
◦XML
Script The script code. This field depends on the Type field.
HTML The HTML code. This field depends on the Type field.
XML The XML code. This field depends the Type field.
Is Option to indicate that this template is used as the default template for all KB
default articles.
4.Click Submit.
Create or deactivate a citation
Usually, authority documents, citations, and control objectives are downloaded from a third-party
provider. However, citations can be created manually from an authority document. The Active
option in a citation indicates whether the citation is active or inactive.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_admin or sn_compliance_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Authority Documents.
2. Open an authority document.
3. In the Citations related list, click New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Citation form
Field Description
Name User-defined name that identifies this citation.
Source Source of the policy. For example, if the statement is from a third-party provider,
indicate which one.
Source ID Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this authority
document.
Reference Content reference.
Type Type of citation created. Optional field not used for any processing. Use the
value in this field in reports or to query for records of a specific type.
◦Core Topic
◦Process
◦Control Objective
◦Control
◦Supporting information
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1725
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | ◦Script ◦HTML ◦XML |
| Script | The script code. This field depends on the Type field. |
| HTML | The HTML code. This field depends on the Type field. |
| XML | The XML code. This field depends the Type field. |
| Is default | Option to indicate that this template is used as the default template for all KB articles. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | User-defined name that identifies this citation. |
| Source | Source of the policy. For example, if the statement is from a third-party provider, indicate which one. |
| Source ID | Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this authority document. |
| Reference | Content reference. |
| Type | Type of citation created. Optional field not used for any processing. Use the value in this field in reports or to query for records of a specific type. ◦Core Topic ◦Process ◦Control Objective ◦Control ◦Supporting information |


---
*Page 29*

Field Description
Authority Name of the parent authority document for this citation. When you create
document citations from the authority document form, the system completes this field
automatically.
Active Option that indicates if a policy is active. A policy is marked active if it is not in
the Draft or Retired state. To deactivate a citation, clear the check box marked
Active.
Parent References the parent content.
Description Description of the citation.
Set notification properties
After an acknowledgement request has been sent to an audience, different reminder
notifications are sent based on the timeliness and state of the response. Properties allow you to
configure the notifications.
These properties are available for Policy and Compliance Management.
Note: Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties.
Properties for Policy and Compliance Management
Property Description
Specify how many days after due date to send Policy The number of days after an
Acknowledge summary notification. acknowledgement due date has
passed before a Policy Acknowledge
summary notification is sent.
States for which the control is active (the first state is States of the control in which it is
the default active state) considered active. The first state in
the list is the default active state.
Number of days after Policy Acknowledgement Due The number of days after an
Date to send overdue notification. acknowledgement due date has
passed before an overdue notification
is sent.
Send a summary of the Policy Acknowledge Select Yes to send a Policy
after its due date. Use property Acknowledge summary notification
sn_compliance.policy_ack_after_due_summary_timer after the days specified in the Specify
to specify how many days after due date to send how many days after due date to
notification. send Policy Acknowledge summary
notification property has elapsed.
For example, if the property is set to 1
day, the notification is sent when the
acknowledgement is 1 day late.
Send a summary of the Policy Acknowledge Select Yes to send a Policy
before its due date. Use property Acknowledge summary notification
sn_compliance.policy_ack_before_due_summary_timer prior to the number of days specified
to specify how many days before due date to send in the Specify how many days
notification. after due date to send Policy
Acknowledge summary notification
property is reached.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1726
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Authority document | Name of the parent authority document for this citation. When you create citations from the authority document form, the system completes this field automatically. |
| Active | Option that indicates if a policy is active. A policy is marked active if it is not in the Draft or Retired state. To deactivate a citation, clear the check box marked Active. |
| Parent | References the parent content. |
| Description | Description of the citation. |

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Specify how many days after due date to send Policy Acknowledge summary notification. | The number of days after an acknowledgement due date has passed before a Policy Acknowledge summary notification is sent. |
| States for which the control is active (the first state is the default active state) | States of the control in which it is considered active. The first state in the list is the default active state. |
| Number of days after Policy Acknowledgement Due Date to send overdue notification. | The number of days after an acknowledgement due date has passed before an overdue notification is sent. |
| Send a summary of the Policy Acknowledge after its due date. Use property sn_compliance.policy_ack_after_due_summary_timer to specify how many days after due date to send notification. | Select Yes to send a Policy Acknowledge summary notification after the days specified in the Specify how many days after due date to send Policy Acknowledge summary notification property has elapsed. For example, if the property is set to 1 day, the notification is sent when the acknowledgement is 1 day late. |


---
*Page 30*

Properties for Policy and Compliance Management (continued)
Property Description
For example, if the property is set to
1 day, the notification is sent 1 day
before the due date.
Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement overdue Select Yes to repeat the overdue
notification daily notification on a daily basis until it is
completed.
Number of days before Policy Acknowledgement Due The number of days prior to the
Date to send reminder notification. acknowledgement due date to begin
sending reminder notifications.
Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement Due Date Select Yes to send reminder
reminder daily until Policy Acknowledgement is due notifications on a daily basis starting
on the day determined by your setting
in the Number of days before Policy
Acknowledgement Due Date to send
reminder notification property.
For example, if you select Yes in this
property and the due date occurs
in 7 days, and you specified 3 days
in the previous property, reminder
notifications begin in 3 days and
repeat daily.
Specify how many days before due date to send Policy The number of days prior to the due
Acknowledge summary notification. date to send the Policy Acknowledge
summary notification.
Set up GRC Virtual Agent
Set up the Governance, Risk, and Compliance Virtual Agent to request an exception to a policy or
a control objective from the Service Portal.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin.
Customers must have the following plugins activated for setting up the GRC Virtual Agent:
•Glide Virtual agent (com.glide.cs.chatbot) activated with a valid license.
•GRC
•Policy and Compliance Management.
About this task
A virtual agent chatbot enables customers to request an exception. The chatbot assists the
customers by saving their time. The information exchanged during the conversation flow enables
the chatbot to fulfill a user request or assist a user in completing a task.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Service Portal > Service Portal Configuration.
2. Click Page Editor.
3. In the search field, type Index.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1727
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For example, if the property is set to 1 day, the notification is sent 1 day before the due date. |
| Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement overdue notification daily | Select Yes to repeat the overdue notification on a daily basis until it is completed. |
| Number of days before Policy Acknowledgement Due Date to send reminder notification. | The number of days prior to the acknowledgement due date to begin sending reminder notifications. |
| Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement Due Date reminder daily until Policy Acknowledgement is due | Select Yes to send reminder notifications on a daily basis starting on the day determined by your setting in the Number of days before Policy Acknowledgement Due Date to send reminder notification property. For example, if you select Yes in this property and the due date occurs in 7 days, and you specified 3 days in the previous property, reminder notifications begin in 3 days and repeat daily. |
| Specify how many days before due date to send Policy Acknowledge summary notification. | The number of days prior to the due date to send the Policy Acknowledge summary notification. |


---
*Page 31*

4.Click Service Portal index.
5. At the top of the page, click Edit Service Portal (index) page in Designer.
6.In the Filter Widget search field, type Virtual Agent Service Portal Widget and
drag and drop the widget anywhere on the screen.
You can see the chat icon at the bottom-right of the screen.
Allow policy exception requests from other applications
Starting with Version 10.1, you can leverage new policy exception capabilities in Policy and
Compliance Management from within other applications.
Requests are routed through multiple approvals based on risk rating, policy, and control
objective associated with an exception. Compliance and risk teams obtain better visibility with
respect to exceptions raised for vulnerabilities.
Note: Starting with Version 10.1, if you have installed Version 10.3 of the Vulnerability
Response application, you can request policy exceptions using the GRC policy exception
management capability inherent in the Policy and Compliance Management application.
For details, see Policy Exception Integration with Vulnerability Response.
Before allowing other applications to leverage the policy exception capabilities of Policy and
Compliance Management, you must first add the application to the Integration Registry and then
perform some preliminary setup.
Configure policy exceptions from other applications
Before you can request policy exceptions from applications other than Policy and Compliance
Management, you must add a UI action for making the request and, optionally, create a new list
view to see policy exception target records on the Policy Exception form.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager, ui_action_admin or admin
The GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) or business user – lite
(sn_grc.business_user_lite) is the minimum required role to raise a policy exception from an
upstream application.
About this task
Starting with Version 10.1 of Policy and Compliance Management, if you have installed Version
10.3 of the Vulnerability Response application, you can request policy exceptions using
the GRC policy exception management capability inherent in the Policy and Compliance
Management application. The procedure below is not necessary requesting policy exceptions
from Vulnerability Response as the UI action is automatically installed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Definition > UI Actions.
2. Select the table on which you want to create the UI action.
3. Click New.
4.Create a new UI action with the following parameters:
◦Name: Request policy exception
◦Show update check box: Selected.
◦Form button check box: Selected.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1728
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 32*

◦Onclick: Type the popupDispList() function call.
Note: This field is available only when Client option is selected.
◦Condition: Apply any conditions you require.
◦Script: Enter this script:
function popupDispList(){
ScriptLoader.getScripts(['sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils
.jsdbx'], function() {
sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils.createPolicyException('in
cident');
});
}
Note: The argument for the createPolicyException function varies based on
the integration.
5. Save the UI action.
6.To create a new list view to see policy exception target records on the Policy Exception form,
see KB0783018 .
Register other applications to request policy exceptions
Enable other applications to request policy exception from any table such as Problem or Incident
and so on. The applications must be added and configured in the Integration Registry.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
The GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) or business user – lite
(sn_grc.business_user_lite) is the minimum required role to raise a policy exception from an
upstream application.
About this task
Starting with the New York release, users from any ServiceNow application can request for policy
exceptions using (GRC)’s policy exception management capability. For example, users can
request policy exception for a problem related to a group of incidents that cannot be resolved for
a specific duration. To be able to request policy exception, you must register the application for
policy exception and create a UI action for requesting policy exception, unless one is provided
with the ServiceNow application.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Integration Registry.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1729
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| function popupDispList(){ |
| --- |
|  |
| ScriptLoader.getScripts(['sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils .jsdbx'], function() { |
|  |
| sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils.createPolicyException('in cident'); |
|  |
| }); |
|  |
| } |


---
*Page 33*

Policy Exception Integration Registry form
Field Description
Name Enter a name of the registry entry.
Policy Select the table on which a policy exception will be applied.
exception
target table
Exception Target record on which the exception is applied. The options are:
applied on
◦One target record: Specific target record on which the exception is applied.
Select the assessed object in the Compliance data source registry.
◦All target records: All target records on which the exception is applied.
Select the policy exception target table on which the exception is applied.
Source type Auto-populates Controls if the Exception applied on is One target record.
Auto-populates Control objective if the Exception applied on is All target
records.
Policy Select one or more categories for filtering policies. For example, if you select
categories the Vulnerability Response category, and are requesting an exception using
that application, the list of all policies is filtered by that category, saving you
time. For more information, see Define policy categories.
Entity Mapping
Relationship Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception
[sn_compliance_policy_exception] table.
Select Related list when the entity is in a related list of the Policy Exception
table.
Entity field Enter the name of the field that points to the Entity [sn_grc_profile] table.
This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship.
Mapping Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception
table table and the Entity table.
This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship.
Policy Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table.
exception
target field This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship.
Entity field Enter the name of the field in the mapping table that points to the Entity table.
Request Source
Note: The fields in this section are needed only if you are requesting a policy
exception from a table other than the Policy Exception Target table.
Table Select the table that contains the records from which the policy exception will
be requested.
Relationship Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception
[sn_compliance_policy_exception] table. Select Related list when the entity
is in a related list of the Policy Exception table
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1730
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a name of the registry entry. |
| Policy exception target table | Select the table on which a policy exception will be applied. |
| Exception applied on | Target record on which the exception is applied. The options are: ◦One target record: Specific target record on which the exception is applied. Select the assessed object in the Compliance data source registry. ◦All target records: All target records on which the exception is applied. Select the policy exception target table on which the exception is applied. |
| Source type | Auto-populates Controls if the Exception applied on is One target record. Auto-populates Control objective if the Exception applied on is All target records. |
| Policy categories | Select one or more categories for filtering policies. For example, if you select the Vulnerability Response category, and are requesting an exception using that application, the list of all policies is filtered by that category, saving you time. For more information, see Define policy categories. |
| Entity Mapping |  |
| Relationship | Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception [sn_compliance_policy_exception] table. Select Related list when the entity is in a related list of the Policy Exception table. |
| Entity field | Enter the name of the field that points to the Entity [sn_grc_profile] table. This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship. |
| Mapping table | Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception table and the Entity table. This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship. |
| Policy exception target field | Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table. This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship. |
| Entity field | Enter the name of the field in the mapping table that points to the Entity table. |
| Request Source Note: The fields in this section are needed only if you are requesting a policy exception from a table other than the Policy Exception Target table. |  |
| Table | Select the table that contains the records from which the policy exception will be requested. |
| Relationship | Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception [sn_compliance_policy_exception] table. Select Related list when the entity is in a related list of the Policy Exception table |


---
*Page 34*

Field Description
Request Select the field that points to the request source table.
source field
This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship
field in the Request Source section.
Mapping Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception
table table and the Entity table.
This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in
the Request Source section.
Policy Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table.
exception
target field This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in
the Request Source section.
Request Select the field in the mapping table that points to the request source table.
source field
This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in
the Request Source section.
Questionnaire Details
Exception Select a questionnaire template to generate a questionnaire for the
questionnaire requested policy exception. For more information, see Create an exception
questionnaire.
4.Save the record.
The Reason Choices related list appears.
Note: The Reason Choices are available to the person who requests a policy exception
to explain the purpose of the request. So define reasons that apply to your specific
situation. For more information, see Define policy exception reason choices.
Define policy exception reason choices
You can define reason choices to be available to any user who requests an exception.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Exception Reason Choices.
2. Click New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1731
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Request source field | Select the field that points to the request source table. This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Mapping table | Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception table and the Entity table. This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Policy exception target field | Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table. This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Request source field | Select the field in the mapping table that points to the request source table. This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Questionnaire Details |  |
| Exception questionnaire | Select a questionnaire template to generate a questionnaire for the requested policy exception. For more information, see Create an exception questionnaire. |


---
*Page 35*

3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Reason Choice List form
Field Description
Label Enter a unique label for this choice.
Value Enter a unique value for this choice.
Order Enter an order for this choice. Reasons are ordered based on this number.
Default Select this check box to indicate that this reason choice will be available whenever
an ad hoc policy exception is requested. If the integration registry does not contain
any application-specific choices, all reason choices with Default selected will be
available.
Active If this is selected, this choice is displayed in the list of reason choices.
4.Click Submit.
The reason choice is added and will be available in the Reason field of the policy exception
request form for the selected application.
5. Repeat this process for as many reason choices as required by your users.
Note: For additional details about this process, see KB0783018 .
Define policy categories
You can filter policies by specific criteria to limit the number of policies displayed when you are
creating policy exceptions.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.When defining the Policy Exception Integration Registry, click the lock icon on the Policy
categories field.
2. In the Policy categories form, click New.
3. Enter the name and description of the category you want to define.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1732
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Enter a unique label for this choice. |
| Value | Enter a unique value for this choice. |
| Order | Enter an order for this choice. Reasons are ordered based on this number. |
| Default | Select this check box to indicate that this reason choice will be available whenever an ad hoc policy exception is requested. If the integration registry does not contain any application-specific choices, all reason choices with Default selected will be available. |
| Active | If this is selected, this choice is displayed in the list of reason choices. |

| Note: For additional details about this process, see | KB0783018 |  | . |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |


---
*Page 36*

4.Repeat for any other categories you want to define.
5. When you have finished defining categories, click the lock icon again.
When you save the registry, the policy categories you defined are available on the Policy form
for filtering policies.
Example:
Assume you defined registry entries for the Incident and Problem applications and selected
Incident [incident] and Problem [problem] as the policy exception target tables. Also assume you
created policy categories of incident and problem.
You have defined five policies and they are tagged as follows.
•Policy 1 is tagged incident.
•Policy 2 is tagged incident and VR.
•Policy 3 is tagged VR.
•Policy 4 is tagged Problem.
•Policy 5 is untagged
You open the Problem form and click the Request Policy Exception button. You are prompted
to enter specific details about the exception (for example, the policy, control objective, and so
forth).
When you click the search icon in the Policy field, only Policy 1, Policy 2, and Policy 4 appear. If
you select one of the three policies and click the search icon on the Control objective field, only
control objectives related with that policy appear.
If none of your policies are tagged, all 5 appear. If you have only one policy tagged, that policy
appears in the Policy field by default.
Create an exception questionnaire
When you are setting up the Policy Exception Integration Registry, you can define configurable
questions that can be included in risk assessments created from templates. The Policy
Exception Integration Registry can be associated with one template at a time.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.attestation_creator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Exception Questionnaire.
2. Click New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1733
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 37*

Note: Notice that the Assessment Metric Type screen opened. In the terminology
of GRC applications, a question in a questionnaire is considered a metric. A group of
questions is a category. A group of categories is a metric type.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Assessment Metric Type form
Field Description
Name The name of the questionnaire.
Assessment The amount of time allowed from the creation of the assessment to its
duration completion.
Table The table containing the records to be assessed.
Scale factor The scale factor to be used for all questionnaire results.
State The publish state of the assessment: Draft or Published.
Enforce When selected, all records that do not meet the conditions defined are
condition deleted.
Roles Roles that have Read access to the information in the assessment.
Condition Conditions for selecting records from the selected table to be assessed. For
more information, see Condition builder .
Description A description for this exception questionnaire.
4.Save the questionnaire record.
5. Click Attestation Designer to create the questionnaire.
For more information, see Attestation Designer.
Define policy exception verification rules
The verification rule is used to verify the accuracy and completeness of a policy exception
request prior to sending it out for approvals. You can define multiple levels of approvers for an
application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1734
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | The name of the questionnaire. |
| Assessment duration | The amount of time allowed from the creation of the assessment to its completion. |
| Table | The table containing the records to be assessed. |
| Scale factor | The scale factor to be used for all questionnaire results. |
| State | The publish state of the assessment: Draft or Published. |
| Enforce condition | When selected, all records that do not meet the conditions defined are deleted. |
| Roles | Roles that have Read access to the information in the assessment. |
| Condition | Conditions for selecting records from the selected table to be assessed. For more information, see Condition builder . |
| Description | A description for this exception questionnaire. |


---
*Page 38*

Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.manager to create the policy exception verification rules
•survey_reader to review and verify the questionnaire
About this task
Defining verification rules is an optional step. If you do not define verification rules or define them
and do not activate them, approvals from the requester's team will not be required.
You can also use the GRC Approval Configurator to configure policy exception rules. For more
information, see Define policy exception and extension rules.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Verification Rule.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Type Defaults to Verification Rule.
Name Enter a name for this approval configuration.
Short Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration.
description
Source Select the application for that applies to this verification rule. Only applications
application that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed.
Active If this is selected, this verification rule is active and the requester will have the
option of requesting an initial approval prior to sending it to the compliance
manager for approvals.
4.Click Update.
The Approver Levels related list appears. This related list allows you to define multiple
approver levels for a rule. One or more users, or a group of users can be selected as approvers
for each level. Approvers must be assigned the survey_reader role. You can make it mandatory
for all selected users to approve the exception or optionally allow a single user to approve on
behalf of all approvers.
5. Click Submit.
When the policy exception record transitions to the Pending Verification state, the designated
approvers are notified that their approval is required. If any fields in the policy exception
request were not filled in by the requester (for example, the Policy or Control Objective), those
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1735
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | Defaults to Verification Rule. |
| Name | Enter a name for this approval configuration. |
| Short description | Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration. |
| Source application | Select the application for that applies to this verification rule. Only applications that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed. |
| Active | If this is selected, this verification rule is active and the requester will have the option of requesting an initial approval prior to sending it to the compliance manager for approvals. |


---
*Page 39*

fields become mandatory for the approvers. When the approvers have reviewed, completed,
and approved the request, it transitions to the Analyze state and is assigned to the compliance
manager for further analysis and approval.
Define policy exception approval rules
Approval rules define the criteria (risk rating, policy or control objective) that is used for sending
approval requests for an exception. Rules can be configured for an application and you can
identify multiple levels of approvers, as needed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
About this task
You can configure approvals to be sent out automatically or manually after review.
Note: When policy exceptions are created from upstream applications (from Vulnerability
Response for example), the policy exception must have impacted controls present before
you can request approval.
For policy exceptions created using Policy and Compliance Management, exceptions can
be requested for a policy without impacted controls being present, even if both policies and
control objectives are added to the exception form. However, for policy exceptions created
for control objectives alone, impacted controls must be present before you can request
approval.
You can also use the GRC Approval Configurator to configure policy exception rules. For more
information, see Define policy exception and extension rules.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Approval Rule.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1736
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 40*

Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Type Defaults to Approval Rule.
Name Enter a name for this approval configuration.
Short Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration.
description
Source Select the application for that applies to this approval rule. Only applications
application that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed.
Active If this is selected, this approval rule is active.
Risk rating The risk rating is determined by running a risk assessment on the policy
exception.
Policy Select the policy against which this policy exception is being applied.
Control Select the control objective that references the selected policy.
objective
Auto- Select this check box to automatically trigger all approvals after the review is
trigger completed. If you do not select it, the compliance manager can manually trigger
approvals the approvals defined by this rule.
Order Order defines the precedence of triggering this rule as compared to another
rule that is applicable to the exception and defined with similar criteria.
4.Click Update.
The Approver Levels related list appears. This related list allows you to define multiple
approver levels for a rule. One or more users, or a group of users can be selected as approvers
for each level. Approvers must be assigned the survey_reader role. You can make it mandatory
for all selected users to approve the exception or optionally allow a single user to approve on
behalf of all approvers.
5. Click New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1737
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | Defaults to Approval Rule. |
| Name | Enter a name for this approval configuration. |
| Short description | Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration. |
| Source application | Select the application for that applies to this approval rule. Only applications that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed. |
| Active | If this is selected, this approval rule is active. |
| Risk rating | The risk rating is determined by running a risk assessment on the policy exception. |
| Policy | Select the policy against which this policy exception is being applied. |
| Control objective | Select the control objective that references the selected policy. |
| Auto- trigger approvals | Select this check box to automatically trigger all approvals after the review is completed. If you do not select it, the compliance manager can manually trigger the approvals defined by this rule. |
| Order | Order defines the precedence of triggering this rule as compared to another rule that is applicable to the exception and defined with similar criteria. |


---
*Page 41*

6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Approver Level form
Field Description
Name Enter a name for this approval level.
Description Provide a brief description of the approval level.
Required Select One approval required to allow a single user to approve on behalf of all
approval approvers.
Select All users must approve to make it mandatory that all designated users
approve the selection.
Users Select one or more users to act as policy exception approvers.
Groups Select one or more groups to act as policy exception approvers.
Note: Users who belong to the group must have GRC business user
(sn_grc.business_user) role.
Order Select the order to determine the sequence of levels used with respect to other
levels (that is, order 1 is displayed first).
7.Click Submit.
If you selected the Auto-trigger approvals check box, the designated approvers are notified
that their approvals are required. Alternatively, the approvers are notified when the compliance
manager clicks the Send for Approval button.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1738
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a name for this approval level. |
| Description | Provide a brief description of the approval level. |
| Required approval | Select One approval required to allow a single user to approve on behalf of all approvers. Select All users must approve to make it mandatory that all designated users approve the selection. |
| Users | Select one or more users to act as policy exception approvers. |
| Groups | Select one or more groups to act as policy exception approvers. Note: Users who belong to the group must have GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) role. |
| Order | Select the order to determine the sequence of levels used with respect to other levels (that is, order 1 is displayed first). |


---
*Page 42*

Define policy extension approval rules
Enable the GRC Approval Configurator from the Policy and Compliance Properties page to
allow multiple approvers for policy extension approvals, replacing the single default approver
(Compliance Manager).
To enhance flexibility in policy extension approvals, enable the GRC Approval Configurator from
the Policy and Compliance Properties page. This configuration allows multiple approvers to be
designated, thereby overcoming the previous constraint of relying on a single default approver,
namely the Compliance Manager.
For more information, see GRC Approval Configurator for approving policy exceptions and
extensions.
To enable GRC Approval Configurator, see Enable GRC Approval Configurator.
To configure the policy extension approval rules, see Define policy exception and extension
rules.
GRC Approval Configurator for approving policy exceptions and extensions
Users can now manage policy exceptions and extensions with granular, multi-level approval
flows using the GRC Approval Configurator.
Users can now configure policy exceptions and extensions through the GRC Approval
Configurator. The GRC Approval configurator enables more granular rule definitions and broader
configuration options for policy exceptions and extensions.
The GRC Approval Configurator allows users to define approval rules for exceptions and
extensions, assign approvals to designated users or groups, and implement multi-level approval
flows. Exception and Extension requests are automatically routed based on the configured rules,
and approvers can directly approve or reject extensions within their workspace.
Benefits of Using Approval Configurator for Policy Exceptions and Extensions
The GRC Approval Configurator provides several benefits when managing policy exceptions and
extensions, including:
•Customized approval processes: Create tailored approval rules based on specific conditions
such as exception type, requestor role, or policy domain. This allows for precise control over
the approval workflow and ensures that each request is evaluated appropriately.
•Multi-level approvals: Configure sequential approval levels involving various stakeholders—
such as Compliance Managers, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), and designated approvers—to
ensure thorough review and accountability.
•Dynamic rule-based approvals: Set up multi-level approval rules based on dynamic conditions.
Approvals can be sent to users or groups selected from fields in the source record, or manually
assigned. You can also configure whether only one approval or all approvals are required at
each level.
•Automated routing: Automatically direct exception and extension requests to the relevant
approvers based on predefined rules. This reduces manual effort and minimizes delays.
•Workspace integration: Approvers can review and act on requests directly within their
workspace, maintaining a clear audit trail and improving operational efficiency.
Workflow for policy exception approvals
The policy exception approval process consists of five main states:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1739
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 43*

•New: When a policy exception is created, it enters the New state.
At this stage, verification approvals are triggered to validate whether the exception request is
legitimate. These approvals are created using the Verification Configuration template.
•Analyze: After the verification is complete and approved (based on the verification rule), the
request moves to the Analyze state.
Here, a Compliance Manager evaluates the request. They can either move it to the Review
state for further scrutiny, or request input from a Subject Matter Expert (SME) if additional
domain-specific insight is needed.
•Review: In this state, the request is reviewed in detail by the SME for technical validation.
•Awaiting Approval: After the SME input is gathered, the request enters the Awaiting Approval
state for gathering the final Approvals from designated approvers (based on the final approval
configuration rules).
•Approved: After final approval, the policy exception is marked as Approved and becomes
active.
•Closed: After the exception is no longer required, After the exception or extension is no longer
needed, it is moved to the Closed state.
Workflow for policy extension approvals
Approved exceptions can be extended through a similar approval process. Extension requests
are routed using the same GRC Approval Configurator. Multiple approvers or groups can be
configured to approve or reject extension requests.
Configuring policy exceptions and extensions
You can set up the approval rules using the Approval Configurator:
•Enable the GRC Approval Configurator from the Policy and Compliance Properties page. For
more information, see Enable GRC Approval Configurator.
•Configure granular approval rules for policy exceptions and extensions using the GRC
Approval Configurator. For more information, see Define policy exception and extension rules.
•
•
Roles required for configuring policy exceptions and extensions
Users must have the following roles:
•sn_compliance.manager to create approval rules.
•sn_grc.business_user or sn_grc.business_user_lite to view exception and extension records.
Enable GRC Approval Configurator
Enable the GRC Approval Configurator from the Policy and Compliance Properties page.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1740
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 44*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Properties.
2. Select Yes for the Enable GRC Approval Configurator instead of legacy and verification rules
for policy exception property.
3. Select Save.
Define policy exception and extension rules
Configure granular approval rules for policy exceptions and extensions using the GRC Approval
Configurator.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager to create the policy exception and extension rules.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Assignment and Approval Configurations > Approval Configurations.
The Approval Configurator is shipped with default templates for verification, final approval, and
extension. The priority is set for each of them. By default, verification configuration is set with
priority 1, approval configuration is set to priority 2, and extension approval configuration to
priority 3.
2. Select the configuration template.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Name Enter a name for this configuration.
Active Select this option to activate the configuration.
Applies Ensure that Policy exception (sn_compliance_policy_exception) option is
to selected.
Domain Search for and select the functional group or role that should be associated with
the approval flow.
Filter Use filter conditions to define when the configuration should be activated. The
Condition available values are sourced from the Policy Exception table. You must set both
the State and Sub-state conditions. Use logical operators such as AND or OR to
build complex condition sets.
4.Select New in the Approval Levels table to add approval levels to the configuration.
a.Provide a name.
b.Assign a level.
c.Select Submit.
You can add multiple levels for the configuration. Each level can have its own rule, assigned
users or groups, and triggering conditions.
5. Select the approval level you have created and select New to add the rule to the approval
level.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1741
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a name for this configuration. |
| Active | Select this option to activate the configuration. |
| Applies to | Ensure that Policy exception (sn_compliance_policy_exception) option is selected. |
| Domain | Search for and select the functional group or role that should be associated with the approval flow. |
| Filter Condition | Use filter conditions to define when the configuration should be activated. The available values are sourced from the Policy Exception table. You must set both the State and Sub-state conditions. Use logical operators such as AND or OR to build complex condition sets. |


*Note: Pages 8–44 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
