# Policy and Compliance Management mandatory setup

*Pages 17–26 of source PDF*


---
*Page 17*

Name Description
Risk, and
Compliance
•Location:
Policy and
Compliance >
Administration
> Properties
What to do next
Return to the Policy and Compliance Management setup checklist.
Policy and Compliance Management mandatory setup
After you have assigned roles to your users and set Policy and Compliance Management
properties, proceed with the mandatory setup steps.
The flow of mandatory steps in the checklist are illustrated here.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1714
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Risk, and Compliance •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |


---
*Page 18*

When you have completed the mandatory steps outlined above, other optional setup procedures
are available.
Create a policy
A policy defines an internal practice that processes must follow. Policies are defined as policies,
procedures, standards, plans, checklists, frameworks, and templates.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
Users with Compliance user (sn_compliance.user) role can also create policies.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Policies.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Policy
Field Description
Name The name of the policy.
Type
List of options:
◦Policy
◦Procedure
◦Standard
◦Plan
◦Checklist
◦Framework
◦Template
Owning Group that owns the policy.
Group
Owner User that owns the policy.
Compliance The compliance score percentage assigned to this policy.
Score
Percentage
Parent The policy containing this policy. If you create a control objective from within a
policy, this field is automatically filled.
Policy Click the lock icon and select one or more categories for filtering policies. For
categories example, select Vulnerability Response to view policies associated with that
application.
State The state is a read-only field. Possible choices are:
◦Draft In this state, all compliance users can modify the policy and control
objectives. All compliance users can click Request review button. Enter a
message in the Request review pop-up and click Request , which sets the
state to Review.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1715
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | The name of the policy. |
| Type | List of options: ◦Policy ◦Procedure ◦Standard ◦Plan ◦Checklist ◦Framework ◦Template |
| Owning Group | Group that owns the policy. |
| Owner | User that owns the policy. |
| Compliance Score Percentage | The compliance score percentage assigned to this policy. |
| Parent | The policy containing this policy. If you create a control objective from within a policy, this field is automatically filled. |
| Policy categories | Click the lock icon and select one or more categories for filtering policies. For example, select Vulnerability Response to view policies associated with that application. |


---
*Page 19*

Field Description
◦Review In this state, the owner, owning group, and reviewers can modify the
policy and control objectives. The owner, owning group, and reviewers move
the policy back to Draft, by clicking Back to draft, as well.
Reviewers cannot request approval for a policy. However, the owner of the
policy with sn_compliance.user, which is the minimum required role, and
users with compliance manager role can request approval for a policy.
◦Awaiting approval In this state, the policy and control objectives are read-
only for all. Approvers can approve the policy by updating the approval
state in the Approvals Related List on the policy form, or by viewing My
Approvals. If the policy is approved, the policy goes to the Published state.
Otherwise, it goes back to the Review state.
◦Published In this state, the policy and control objectives are read-only for all.
Admins can click Retire which sets the state of the policy to Retired
◦Retired In this state, the policy is read-only for all.
Valid from Specifies the date and time when the policy becomes effective.
Valid to Specifies the date and time until which the policy remains valid.
Note:
By default, when a policy expires, it doesn't automatically trigger a new
approval process. Instead, it remains in the Publishedstate until the
specified number of days (configured in the Policy and Compliance >
Administration > Properties page) have passed.
After this period, the policy transitions to either the Review state (if
reviewers are assigned) or the Draft state (if no reviewers are assigned).
The field specifying the number of days is labeled: Number of days
after reaching a policy 'Valid to' date in which the expired policy will
automatically move from its Published state back to a Draft/Review
state.
Approvers The users you want to be included in the approval process.
Reviewers Select the users you want to be included in the review process.
Description A general description of the policy.
Policy text A detailed description of the policy.
Knowledge Base
Knowledge The knowledge base article related to this policy.
base
KB article The KB article number and link where the policy is published.
Article The article template to use for the publication of this policy.
template
Acknowledgement Setup
Audience Select the default audience responsible for acknowledging this policy.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1716
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Review In this state, the owner, owning group, and reviewers can modify the policy and control objectives. The owner, owning group, and reviewers move the policy back to Draft, by clicking Back to draft, as well. Reviewers cannot request approval for a policy. However, the owner of the policy with sn_compliance.user, which is the minimum required role, and users with compliance manager role can request approval for a policy. ◦Awaiting approval In this state, the policy and control objectives are read- only for all. Approvers can approve the policy by updating the approval state in the Approvals Related List on the policy form, or by viewing My Approvals. If the policy is approved, the policy goes to the Published state. Otherwise, it goes back to the Review state. ◦Published In this state, the policy and control objectives are read-only for all. Admins can click Retire which sets the state of the policy to Retired ◦Retired In this state, the policy is read-only for all. |
| Valid from | Specifies the date and time when the policy becomes effective. |
| Valid to | Specifies the date and time until which the policy remains valid. Note: By default, when a policy expires, it doesn't automatically trigger a new approval process. Instead, it remains in the Publishedstate until the specified number of days (configured in the Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties page) have passed. After this period, the policy transitions to either the Review state (if reviewers are assigned) or the Draft state (if no reviewers are assigned). The field specifying the number of days is labeled: Number of days after reaching a policy 'Valid to' date in which the expired policy will automatically move from its Published state back to a Draft/Review state. |
| Approvers | The users you want to be included in the approval process. |
| Reviewers | Select the users you want to be included in the review process. |
| Description | A general description of the policy. |
| Policy text | A detailed description of the policy. |
| Knowledge Base |  |
| Knowledge base | The knowledge base article related to this policy. |
| KB article | The KB article number and link where the policy is published. |
| Article template | The article template to use for the publication of this policy. |
| Acknowledgement Setup |  |
| Audience | Select the default audience responsible for acknowledging this policy. |


---
*Page 20*

Field Description
Reference Click the lock icon to add the URL for any needed reference materials, such as
Material certification or training materials.
URL
Allow users Select this check box to give users the option of declining policy
to decline acknowledgements.
policy
Allow users Select this check box to give users the option of requesting exceptions for
to request policy acknowledgements.
exception
Exception Setup
Maximum Enter the maximum number of days for which a policy exception can be
exception requested for a given policy.
duration
(days)
4.Continue with one of the following options.
◦To save and submit the policy, click Submit.
◦To mark the policy ready for review, click Request review .
What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Create a control objective
A control objective is an objective, direction, or standard that acts as guidance for company
interactions and operations. Control objectives can be categorized, classified, and related to
policies.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin, sn_compliance.manager, sn_compliance.user
About this task
To understand the difference between a control objective and a control, see Structural overview
of Policy and Compliance Management.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Control Objectives.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Control Objectives form
Field Description
Name Name of the control objective.
Source Source of the control objective. For example, if the control objective is
from a third-party provider, indicate which one.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1717
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Reference Material URL | Click the lock icon to add the URL for any needed reference materials, such as certification or training materials. |
| Allow users to decline policy | Select this check box to give users the option of declining policy acknowledgements. |
| Allow users to request exception | Select this check box to give users the option of requesting exceptions for policy acknowledgements. |
| Exception Setup |  |
| Maximum exception duration (days) | Enter the maximum number of days for which a policy exception can be requested for a given policy. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the control objective. |
| Source | Source of the control objective. For example, if the control objective is from a third-party provider, indicate which one. |


---
*Page 21*

Field Description
Source ID Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this control
objective.
Reference Unique numerical identifier.
Parent Control objective that is not a child of the current control objective. This
is to avoid cyclic parent – child relationship.
Compliance Compliance score percentage calculated for this control objective and
Score Percentage it's color code:
◦80 and higher in green
◦80 to 50 in yellow
◦below 50 in red
Active Option that indicates whether a control objective is active.
Creates controls Option that indicates that controls are automatically created from the
automatically control objective.
Note: Select this option if the control objective can also serve as
the control.
Category List of options:
◦Acquisition or sale of facilities, technology, and services
◦Audits and risk management
◦Compliance and Governance Manual of Style
◦Human Resources management
◦Leadership and high-level objectives
◦Monitoring and measurement
◦Operational management
◦Physical and environmental protection
◦Privacy protection for information and data
◦Records management
◦System hardening through configuration management
◦Systems continuity
◦Systems design, build, and implementation
◦Technical security
◦Third Party and supply chain oversight
◦Root
◦Deprecated
Classification List of options:
◦Preventive
◦Corrective
◦Detective
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1718
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Source ID | Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this control objective. |
| Reference | Unique numerical identifier. |
| Parent | Control objective that is not a child of the current control objective. This is to avoid cyclic parent – child relationship. |
| Compliance Score Percentage | Compliance score percentage calculated for this control objective and it's color code: ◦80 and higher in green ◦80 to 50 in yellow ◦below 50 in red |
| Active | Option that indicates whether a control objective is active. |
| Creates controls automatically | Option that indicates that controls are automatically created from the control objective. Note: Select this option if the control objective can also serve as the control. |
| Category | List of options: ◦Acquisition or sale of facilities, technology, and services ◦Audits and risk management ◦Compliance and Governance Manual of Style ◦Human Resources management ◦Leadership and high-level objectives ◦Monitoring and measurement ◦Operational management ◦Physical and environmental protection ◦Privacy protection for information and data ◦Records management ◦System hardening through configuration management ◦Systems continuity ◦Systems design, build, and implementation ◦Technical security ◦Third Party and supply chain oversight ◦Root ◦Deprecated |
| Classification | List of options: ◦Preventive ◦Corrective ◦Detective |


---
*Page 22*

Field Description
Type List of options:
◦Acquisition/Sale of Assets or Services
◦Actionable Reports or Measurements
◦Audits and Risk Management
◦Behavior
◦Business Processes
◦Communicate
◦Configuration
◦Data and Information Management
◦Duplicate
◦Establish Roles
◦Establish/Maintain Documentation
◦Human Resources Management
◦Investigate
◦IT Impact Zone
◦Log Management
◦Maintenance
◦Monitor and Evaluate Occurrences
◦Physical and Environmental Protection
◦Process or Activity
◦Records Management
◦Systems Continuity
◦Systems Design, Build, and Implementation
◦Technical Security
◦Testing
◦Training
Attestation List of options.
◦GRC Attestation is chosen by default
◦ Note: If the user changes the control attestation, the related
control objective attestation type is changed also.
Issue group rule Group rule assigned to this control objective.
Description Description of the control objective.
4.Click Submit.
The control objective is created and all related lists are visible.
◦A control is created for every control objective when a policy is associated with an entity.
◦The control attributes default to the same attributes as the related control objective.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1719
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | List of options: ◦Acquisition/Sale of Assets or Services ◦Actionable Reports or Measurements ◦Audits and Risk Management ◦Behavior ◦Business Processes ◦Communicate ◦Configuration ◦Data and Information Management ◦Duplicate ◦Establish Roles ◦Establish/Maintain Documentation ◦Human Resources Management ◦Investigate ◦IT Impact Zone ◦Log Management ◦Maintenance ◦Monitor and Evaluate Occurrences ◦Physical and Environmental Protection ◦Process or Activity ◦Records Management ◦Systems Continuity ◦Systems Design, Build, and Implementation ◦Technical Security ◦Testing ◦Training |
| Attestation | List of options. ◦GRC Attestation is chosen by default ◦ Note: If the user changes the control attestation, the related control objective attestation type is changed also. |
| Issue group rule | Group rule assigned to this control objective. |
| Description | Description of the control objective. |


---
*Page 23*

What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Relate a control objective to a policy
Associate the control objective to a policy individually when the policy is in the review or draft
state by clicking the edit button in the Control Objective related list.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin, sn_compliance.manager, sn_compliance.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Policies.
2. Open the policy record.
3. Click Edit in the Control Objectives related list.
The slushbucket contains active control objectives with no associated policy selected.
4.Select the control objectives.
5. Click Save.
Those control objective are listed in the Control Objective related list.
What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Create a control attestation using the Attestation Designer
Use the Attestation Designer to create and edit metric types. Use different metric types for
different controls. Select multiple respondents for an attestation, as well as change scoring
parameters.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.attestation_creator, sn_compliance.manager,
sn_compliance.administrator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Attestation Types.
2. Click Attestation Designer.
The designer contains the following elements:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1720
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 24*

Element Description
Controls Supported question data types are available
in the Controls palette. Drag a control onto
the designer canvas to create a question of
that type.
Questions A library of questions for various categories,
so you do not have to build each
questionnaire from scratch.
Categories New assessment opens in the Design view.
The questionnaire Name field appears
above the first category in the canvas. A
blank question field appears in the category
container.
3. Enter a name in the Name field.
4.Drag a control onto the designer canvas to create a question of that type.
Question controls
Data type Description Scored
Attachment Question with a Manage Attachments icon that allows users to attach N
one or more files.
Boolean Question with a check box or a Yes/No list for user responses. Y
Choice List of predefined options. For more information, see the definition for Y
Choices.
Date Date field. N
Date/Time Date and time field. N
Number Number field with predefined minimum and maximum values. The N
default is 1–10.
Percentage Percentage field with a prescribed range. N
Scale Predefined Likert scale. Answer options appear as radio buttons. Y
Numeric Selectable number scale. The default is 1–5. Answer options appear as Y
Scale radio buttons.
String Single or multi-line text field. N
Template Choice list of templates that provide a predefined scale of options. Y
Note: It is important to assign a template to every attestation.
This allows controls to be created automatically based on control
objectives and entity types.
Reference Choice list of fields from a specified reference table. This data type N
does not support reference qualifiers.
Note: Set the correct answer for the metric that you want to be scored. Scored metrics
determine the compliance status of the controls.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1721
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Element | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Controls | Supported question data types are available in the Controls palette. Drag a control onto the designer canvas to create a question of that type. |
| Questions | A library of questions for various categories, so you do not have to build each questionnaire from scratch. |
| Categories | New assessment opens in the Design view. The questionnaire Name field appears above the first category in the canvas. A blank question field appears in the category container. |

| Data type | Description | Scored |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attachment | Question with a Manage Attachments icon that allows users to attach one or more files. | N |
| Boolean | Question with a check box or a Yes/No list for user responses. | Y |
| Choice | List of predefined options. For more information, see the definition for Choices. | Y |
| Date | Date field. | N |
| Date/Time | Date and time field. | N |
| Number | Number field with predefined minimum and maximum values. The default is 1–10. | N |
| Percentage | Percentage field with a prescribed range. | N |
| Scale | Predefined Likert scale. Answer options appear as radio buttons. | Y |
| Numeric Scale | Selectable number scale. The default is 1–5. Answer options appear as radio buttons. | Y |
| String | Single or multi-line text field. | N |
| Template | Choice list of templates that provide a predefined scale of options. Note: It is important to assign a template to every attestation. This allows controls to be created automatically based on control objectives and entity types. | Y |
| Reference | Choice list of fields from a specified reference table. This data type does not support reference qualifiers. | N |


---
*Page 25*

5. Point to the menu icon in the upper right of the Attestation Designer and select New
Attestation.
A fresh canvas opens for you to build a new attestation.
6.To edit an existing attestation, point to the menu icon in the upper right of the Attestation
Designer and select Load Attestation.
You can modify questions, adjust scoring parameters, and change the scale factor. Save your
changes when complete.
Note: The availability of the New Attestation and Load Attestation options depend on
the status of the attestation that is opened in the designer.
Unlike other types of assessments, control attestations don't appear in the Self-Service >
My assessments & surveys module, because many control attestations could be generated
at once. Instead, controls attestations are shown as a list in the Policy and Compliance >
Controls > My Attestations module and All Attestations module.
What to do next
If you are implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, return to the Policy
and Compliance Management setup checklist and proceed to the next step.
Create a control indicator
Indicator data for controls, risk, and audit evidence are measured differently depending on the
GRC application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_admin, sn_compliance_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicators.
◦Risk > Indicators > Indicators.
◦Audit > Indicators > Indicators.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Indicator form
Field Description
Category Select Compliance Indicator for a control
indicator and Risk Indicator for a risk
indicator.
Name Name of the indicator.
Applies to Entity related to the Item.
Owning group Group that owns the indicator.
Owner Indicator owner.
Number Unique identification number.
Active Option that indicates whether the indicator is
active.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1722
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Category | Select Compliance Indicator for a control indicator and Risk Indicator for a risk indicator. |
| Name | Name of the indicator. |
| Applies to | Entity related to the Item. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the indicator. |
| Owner | Indicator owner. |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Active | Option that indicates whether the indicator is active. |


---
*Page 26*

Field Description
Item Related control or risk.
Template Related indicator template.
Override Template Option that indicates whether to override the
indicator template associated to this indicator
Last result passed Option that indicates whether the last result
passed.
Schedule
Collection frequency Collection frequency for indicator results.
Indicator tasks and results are generated
automatically based on the indicator
schedule.
Next run time Next collection time for indicator results.
Method
Type Results can be gathered manually using task
assignment or automatically using basic
filter conditions, Performance Analytics, or a
script.
◦Manual
◦Basic
Short Description If Type is Manual, this field is present. Brief
description of the issue.
Instructions If Type is Manual, this field is present.
Instructions for the collection of indicator
results.
Value Mandatory If Type is Manual, this field is present.
Passed/Failed If Type is Basic, this field is present. Indicator
passes or fails.
PA Threshold If Type is PA Indicator, this field is present.
The associated PA Threshold.
Script If Type is Script, this field is present. Script
that obtains the desired system information.
Supporting Data
Note: Starting with Version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data
records from the indicator results or indicator tasks is displayed. Earlier, only the real-
time state of the records collected could be viewed.
Table Use supporting data to gather supporting
evidence from other applications.
Supporting data fields Supporting data fields based on the selected
table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1723
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Item | Related control or risk. |
| Template | Related indicator template. |
| Override Template | Option that indicates whether to override the indicator template associated to this indicator |
| Last result passed | Option that indicates whether the last result passed. |
| Schedule |  |
| Collection frequency | Collection frequency for indicator results. Indicator tasks and results are generated automatically based on the indicator schedule. |
| Next run time | Next collection time for indicator results. |
| Method |  |
| Type | Results can be gathered manually using task assignment or automatically using basic filter conditions, Performance Analytics, or a script. ◦Manual ◦Basic |
| Short Description | If Type is Manual, this field is present. Brief description of the issue. |
| Instructions | If Type is Manual, this field is present. Instructions for the collection of indicator results. |
| Value Mandatory | If Type is Manual, this field is present. |
| Passed/Failed | If Type is Basic, this field is present. Indicator passes or fails. |
| PA Threshold | If Type is PA Indicator, this field is present. The associated PA Threshold. |
| Script | If Type is Script, this field is present. Script that obtains the desired system information. |
| Supporting Data |  |
| Note: Starting with Version 10.1, the actual historical data for the supporting data records from the indicator results or indicator tasks is displayed. Earlier, only the real- time state of the records collected could be viewed. |  |
| Table | Use supporting data to gather supporting evidence from other applications. |
| Supporting data fields | Supporting data fields based on the selected table. |


*Note: Pages 17–26 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
