# Policy and Compliance Management enhancement steps

*Pages 27–44 of source PDF*


---
*Page 27*

4.Select Submit.
Note: As a compliance manager or compliance admin, you can assign the indicator task
to a user with Business User Lite role. If you assign a user with a Business User Lite role
as an owner in the Owner field and Execute the indicator, an indicator task is created in
the Open Tasks related list. This indicator task is assigned to the owner with the Business
User Lite role.
As a user with the Business User Lite role, you can navigate to Policy and Compliance >
Indicators > My Indicator Tasks to view the indicator tasks that are assigned to you. You
can view the indicator by selecting the information icon next to the Indicator field. You
can also update the Result field, State field, Value field, Additional comments, and Work
notes in the Indicator Task form.
To accomplish similar tasks from the employee center, see GRC tasks in the employee
center portal.
What to do next
If you’re implementing the Policy and Compliance Management software, then you've completed
the required setup steps. Return to the Policy and Compliance Management setup checklist and
proceed to the optional steps, as needed.
Policy and Compliance Management enhancement steps
After you have set up the Policy and Compliance Management base system, you can perform the
procedures listed in the following sections to enhance the functionality of the application.
Related topics
Managing mobile experience for GRC Policy and Compliance
Create a GRC article template
Create or deactivate a citation
Set notification properties
Set up GRC Virtual Agent
Allow policy exception requests from other applications
Create a GRC article template
Policy and Compliance managers can create templates for policy article publishing.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.developer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Article Templates.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Authority Document
Field Description
Name Name of the article template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1724
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the article template. |


---
*Page 28*

Field Description
Type
◦Script
◦HTML
◦XML
Script The script code. This field depends on the Type field.
HTML The HTML code. This field depends on the Type field.
XML The XML code. This field depends the Type field.
Is Option to indicate that this template is used as the default template for all KB
default articles.
4.Click Submit.
Create or deactivate a citation
Usually, authority documents, citations, and control objectives are downloaded from a third-party
provider. However, citations can be created manually from an authority document. The Active
option in a citation indicates whether the citation is active or inactive.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_admin or sn_compliance_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Authority Documents.
2. Open an authority document.
3. In the Citations related list, click New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Citation form
Field Description
Name User-defined name that identifies this citation.
Source Source of the policy. For example, if the statement is from a third-party provider,
indicate which one.
Source ID Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this authority
document.
Reference Content reference.
Type Type of citation created. Optional field not used for any processing. Use the
value in this field in reports or to query for records of a specific type.
◦Core Topic
◦Process
◦Control Objective
◦Control
◦Supporting information
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1725
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | ◦Script ◦HTML ◦XML |
| Script | The script code. This field depends on the Type field. |
| HTML | The HTML code. This field depends on the Type field. |
| XML | The XML code. This field depends the Type field. |
| Is default | Option to indicate that this template is used as the default template for all KB articles. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | User-defined name that identifies this citation. |
| Source | Source of the policy. For example, if the statement is from a third-party provider, indicate which one. |
| Source ID | Unique identification number used by the source to catalog this authority document. |
| Reference | Content reference. |
| Type | Type of citation created. Optional field not used for any processing. Use the value in this field in reports or to query for records of a specific type. ◦Core Topic ◦Process ◦Control Objective ◦Control ◦Supporting information |


---
*Page 29*

Field Description
Authority Name of the parent authority document for this citation. When you create
document citations from the authority document form, the system completes this field
automatically.
Active Option that indicates if a policy is active. A policy is marked active if it is not in
the Draft or Retired state. To deactivate a citation, clear the check box marked
Active.
Parent References the parent content.
Description Description of the citation.
Set notification properties
After an acknowledgement request has been sent to an audience, different reminder
notifications are sent based on the timeliness and state of the response. Properties allow you to
configure the notifications.
These properties are available for Policy and Compliance Management.
Note: Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties.
Properties for Policy and Compliance Management
Property Description
Specify how many days after due date to send Policy The number of days after an
Acknowledge summary notification. acknowledgement due date has
passed before a Policy Acknowledge
summary notification is sent.
States for which the control is active (the first state is States of the control in which it is
the default active state) considered active. The first state in
the list is the default active state.
Number of days after Policy Acknowledgement Due The number of days after an
Date to send overdue notification. acknowledgement due date has
passed before an overdue notification
is sent.
Send a summary of the Policy Acknowledge Select Yes to send a Policy
after its due date. Use property Acknowledge summary notification
sn_compliance.policy_ack_after_due_summary_timer after the days specified in the Specify
to specify how many days after due date to send how many days after due date to
notification. send Policy Acknowledge summary
notification property has elapsed.
For example, if the property is set to 1
day, the notification is sent when the
acknowledgement is 1 day late.
Send a summary of the Policy Acknowledge Select Yes to send a Policy
before its due date. Use property Acknowledge summary notification
sn_compliance.policy_ack_before_due_summary_timer prior to the number of days specified
to specify how many days before due date to send in the Specify how many days
notification. after due date to send Policy
Acknowledge summary notification
property is reached.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1726
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Authority document | Name of the parent authority document for this citation. When you create citations from the authority document form, the system completes this field automatically. |
| Active | Option that indicates if a policy is active. A policy is marked active if it is not in the Draft or Retired state. To deactivate a citation, clear the check box marked Active. |
| Parent | References the parent content. |
| Description | Description of the citation. |

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Specify how many days after due date to send Policy Acknowledge summary notification. | The number of days after an acknowledgement due date has passed before a Policy Acknowledge summary notification is sent. |
| States for which the control is active (the first state is the default active state) | States of the control in which it is considered active. The first state in the list is the default active state. |
| Number of days after Policy Acknowledgement Due Date to send overdue notification. | The number of days after an acknowledgement due date has passed before an overdue notification is sent. |
| Send a summary of the Policy Acknowledge after its due date. Use property sn_compliance.policy_ack_after_due_summary_timer to specify how many days after due date to send notification. | Select Yes to send a Policy Acknowledge summary notification after the days specified in the Specify how many days after due date to send Policy Acknowledge summary notification property has elapsed. For example, if the property is set to 1 day, the notification is sent when the acknowledgement is 1 day late. |


---
*Page 30*

Properties for Policy and Compliance Management (continued)
Property Description
For example, if the property is set to
1 day, the notification is sent 1 day
before the due date.
Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement overdue Select Yes to repeat the overdue
notification daily notification on a daily basis until it is
completed.
Number of days before Policy Acknowledgement Due The number of days prior to the
Date to send reminder notification. acknowledgement due date to begin
sending reminder notifications.
Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement Due Date Select Yes to send reminder
reminder daily until Policy Acknowledgement is due notifications on a daily basis starting
on the day determined by your setting
in the Number of days before Policy
Acknowledgement Due Date to send
reminder notification property.
For example, if you select Yes in this
property and the due date occurs
in 7 days, and you specified 3 days
in the previous property, reminder
notifications begin in 3 days and
repeat daily.
Specify how many days before due date to send Policy The number of days prior to the due
Acknowledge summary notification. date to send the Policy Acknowledge
summary notification.
Set up GRC Virtual Agent
Set up the Governance, Risk, and Compliance Virtual Agent to request an exception to a policy or
a control objective from the Service Portal.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_risk.admin.
Customers must have the following plugins activated for setting up the GRC Virtual Agent:
•Glide Virtual agent (com.glide.cs.chatbot) activated with a valid license.
•GRC
•Policy and Compliance Management.
About this task
A virtual agent chatbot enables customers to request an exception. The chatbot assists the
customers by saving their time. The information exchanged during the conversation flow enables
the chatbot to fulfill a user request or assist a user in completing a task.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Service Portal > Service Portal Configuration.
2. Click Page Editor.
3. In the search field, type Index.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1727
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For example, if the property is set to 1 day, the notification is sent 1 day before the due date. |
| Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement overdue notification daily | Select Yes to repeat the overdue notification on a daily basis until it is completed. |
| Number of days before Policy Acknowledgement Due Date to send reminder notification. | The number of days prior to the acknowledgement due date to begin sending reminder notifications. |
| Repeat the Policy Acknowledgement Due Date reminder daily until Policy Acknowledgement is due | Select Yes to send reminder notifications on a daily basis starting on the day determined by your setting in the Number of days before Policy Acknowledgement Due Date to send reminder notification property. For example, if you select Yes in this property and the due date occurs in 7 days, and you specified 3 days in the previous property, reminder notifications begin in 3 days and repeat daily. |
| Specify how many days before due date to send Policy Acknowledge summary notification. | The number of days prior to the due date to send the Policy Acknowledge summary notification. |


---
*Page 31*

4.Click Service Portal index.
5. At the top of the page, click Edit Service Portal (index) page in Designer.
6.In the Filter Widget search field, type Virtual Agent Service Portal Widget and
drag and drop the widget anywhere on the screen.
You can see the chat icon at the bottom-right of the screen.
Allow policy exception requests from other applications
Starting with Version 10.1, you can leverage new policy exception capabilities in Policy and
Compliance Management from within other applications.
Requests are routed through multiple approvals based on risk rating, policy, and control
objective associated with an exception. Compliance and risk teams obtain better visibility with
respect to exceptions raised for vulnerabilities.
Note: Starting with Version 10.1, if you have installed Version 10.3 of the Vulnerability
Response application, you can request policy exceptions using the GRC policy exception
management capability inherent in the Policy and Compliance Management application.
For details, see Policy Exception Integration with Vulnerability Response.
Before allowing other applications to leverage the policy exception capabilities of Policy and
Compliance Management, you must first add the application to the Integration Registry and then
perform some preliminary setup.
Configure policy exceptions from other applications
Before you can request policy exceptions from applications other than Policy and Compliance
Management, you must add a UI action for making the request and, optionally, create a new list
view to see policy exception target records on the Policy Exception form.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager, ui_action_admin or admin
The GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) or business user – lite
(sn_grc.business_user_lite) is the minimum required role to raise a policy exception from an
upstream application.
About this task
Starting with Version 10.1 of Policy and Compliance Management, if you have installed Version
10.3 of the Vulnerability Response application, you can request policy exceptions using
the GRC policy exception management capability inherent in the Policy and Compliance
Management application. The procedure below is not necessary requesting policy exceptions
from Vulnerability Response as the UI action is automatically installed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Definition > UI Actions.
2. Select the table on which you want to create the UI action.
3. Click New.
4.Create a new UI action with the following parameters:
◦Name: Request policy exception
◦Show update check box: Selected.
◦Form button check box: Selected.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1728
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 32*

◦Onclick: Type the popupDispList() function call.
Note: This field is available only when Client option is selected.
◦Condition: Apply any conditions you require.
◦Script: Enter this script:
function popupDispList(){
ScriptLoader.getScripts(['sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils
.jsdbx'], function() {
sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils.createPolicyException('in
cident');
});
}
Note: The argument for the createPolicyException function varies based on
the integration.
5. Save the UI action.
6.To create a new list view to see policy exception target records on the Policy Exception form,
see KB0783018 .
Register other applications to request policy exceptions
Enable other applications to request policy exception from any table such as Problem or Incident
and so on. The applications must be added and configured in the Integration Registry.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
The GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) or business user – lite
(sn_grc.business_user_lite) is the minimum required role to raise a policy exception from an
upstream application.
About this task
Starting with the New York release, users from any ServiceNow application can request for policy
exceptions using (GRC)’s policy exception management capability. For example, users can
request policy exception for a problem related to a group of incidents that cannot be resolved for
a specific duration. To be able to request policy exception, you must register the application for
policy exception and create a UI action for requesting policy exception, unless one is provided
with the ServiceNow application.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Integration Registry.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1729
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| function popupDispList(){ |
| --- |
|  |
| ScriptLoader.getScripts(['sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils .jsdbx'], function() { |
|  |
| sn_compliance.PolicyExceptionUtils.createPolicyException('in cident'); |
|  |
| }); |
|  |
| } |


---
*Page 33*

Policy Exception Integration Registry form
Field Description
Name Enter a name of the registry entry.
Policy Select the table on which a policy exception will be applied.
exception
target table
Exception Target record on which the exception is applied. The options are:
applied on
◦One target record: Specific target record on which the exception is applied.
Select the assessed object in the Compliance data source registry.
◦All target records: All target records on which the exception is applied.
Select the policy exception target table on which the exception is applied.
Source type Auto-populates Controls if the Exception applied on is One target record.
Auto-populates Control objective if the Exception applied on is All target
records.
Policy Select one or more categories for filtering policies. For example, if you select
categories the Vulnerability Response category, and are requesting an exception using
that application, the list of all policies is filtered by that category, saving you
time. For more information, see Define policy categories.
Entity Mapping
Relationship Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception
[sn_compliance_policy_exception] table.
Select Related list when the entity is in a related list of the Policy Exception
table.
Entity field Enter the name of the field that points to the Entity [sn_grc_profile] table.
This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship.
Mapping Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception
table table and the Entity table.
This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship.
Policy Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table.
exception
target field This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship.
Entity field Enter the name of the field in the mapping table that points to the Entity table.
Request Source
Note: The fields in this section are needed only if you are requesting a policy
exception from a table other than the Policy Exception Target table.
Table Select the table that contains the records from which the policy exception will
be requested.
Relationship Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception
[sn_compliance_policy_exception] table. Select Related list when the entity
is in a related list of the Policy Exception table
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1730
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a name of the registry entry. |
| Policy exception target table | Select the table on which a policy exception will be applied. |
| Exception applied on | Target record on which the exception is applied. The options are: ◦One target record: Specific target record on which the exception is applied. Select the assessed object in the Compliance data source registry. ◦All target records: All target records on which the exception is applied. Select the policy exception target table on which the exception is applied. |
| Source type | Auto-populates Controls if the Exception applied on is One target record. Auto-populates Control objective if the Exception applied on is All target records. |
| Policy categories | Select one or more categories for filtering policies. For example, if you select the Vulnerability Response category, and are requesting an exception using that application, the list of all policies is filtered by that category, saving you time. For more information, see Define policy categories. |
| Entity Mapping |  |
| Relationship | Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception [sn_compliance_policy_exception] table. Select Related list when the entity is in a related list of the Policy Exception table. |
| Entity field | Enter the name of the field that points to the Entity [sn_grc_profile] table. This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship. |
| Mapping table | Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception table and the Entity table. This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship. |
| Policy exception target field | Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table. This field displays only if you selected Related list as the Relationship. |
| Entity field | Enter the name of the field in the mapping table that points to the Entity table. |
| Request Source Note: The fields in this section are needed only if you are requesting a policy exception from a table other than the Policy Exception Target table. |  |
| Table | Select the table that contains the records from which the policy exception will be requested. |
| Relationship | Select Reference field when the entity is a field in the Policy Exception [sn_compliance_policy_exception] table. Select Related list when the entity is in a related list of the Policy Exception table |


---
*Page 34*

Field Description
Request Select the field that points to the request source table.
source field
This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship
field in the Request Source section.
Mapping Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception
table table and the Entity table.
This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in
the Request Source section.
Policy Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table.
exception
target field This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in
the Request Source section.
Request Select the field in the mapping table that points to the request source table.
source field
This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in
the Request Source section.
Questionnaire Details
Exception Select a questionnaire template to generate a questionnaire for the
questionnaire requested policy exception. For more information, see Create an exception
questionnaire.
4.Save the record.
The Reason Choices related list appears.
Note: The Reason Choices are available to the person who requests a policy exception
to explain the purpose of the request. So define reasons that apply to your specific
situation. For more information, see Define policy exception reason choices.
Define policy exception reason choices
You can define reason choices to be available to any user who requests an exception.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Exception Reason Choices.
2. Click New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1731
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Request source field | Select the field that points to the request source table. This field displays only if you selected Reference field as the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Mapping table | Select the table that establishes a relationship between the Policy Exception table and the Entity table. This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Policy exception target field | Select the field in the mapping table that points to the Policy Exception table. This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Request source field | Select the field in the mapping table that points to the request source table. This field displays only if you selected Related list in the Relationship field in the Request Source section. |
| Questionnaire Details |  |
| Exception questionnaire | Select a questionnaire template to generate a questionnaire for the requested policy exception. For more information, see Create an exception questionnaire. |


---
*Page 35*

3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Reason Choice List form
Field Description
Label Enter a unique label for this choice.
Value Enter a unique value for this choice.
Order Enter an order for this choice. Reasons are ordered based on this number.
Default Select this check box to indicate that this reason choice will be available whenever
an ad hoc policy exception is requested. If the integration registry does not contain
any application-specific choices, all reason choices with Default selected will be
available.
Active If this is selected, this choice is displayed in the list of reason choices.
4.Click Submit.
The reason choice is added and will be available in the Reason field of the policy exception
request form for the selected application.
5. Repeat this process for as many reason choices as required by your users.
Note: For additional details about this process, see KB0783018 .
Define policy categories
You can filter policies by specific criteria to limit the number of policies displayed when you are
creating policy exceptions.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.When defining the Policy Exception Integration Registry, click the lock icon on the Policy
categories field.
2. In the Policy categories form, click New.
3. Enter the name and description of the category you want to define.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1732
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Enter a unique label for this choice. |
| Value | Enter a unique value for this choice. |
| Order | Enter an order for this choice. Reasons are ordered based on this number. |
| Default | Select this check box to indicate that this reason choice will be available whenever an ad hoc policy exception is requested. If the integration registry does not contain any application-specific choices, all reason choices with Default selected will be available. |
| Active | If this is selected, this choice is displayed in the list of reason choices. |

| Note: For additional details about this process, see | KB0783018 |  | . |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |


---
*Page 36*

4.Repeat for any other categories you want to define.
5. When you have finished defining categories, click the lock icon again.
When you save the registry, the policy categories you defined are available on the Policy form
for filtering policies.
Example:
Assume you defined registry entries for the Incident and Problem applications and selected
Incident [incident] and Problem [problem] as the policy exception target tables. Also assume you
created policy categories of incident and problem.
You have defined five policies and they are tagged as follows.
•Policy 1 is tagged incident.
•Policy 2 is tagged incident and VR.
•Policy 3 is tagged VR.
•Policy 4 is tagged Problem.
•Policy 5 is untagged
You open the Problem form and click the Request Policy Exception button. You are prompted
to enter specific details about the exception (for example, the policy, control objective, and so
forth).
When you click the search icon in the Policy field, only Policy 1, Policy 2, and Policy 4 appear. If
you select one of the three policies and click the search icon on the Control objective field, only
control objectives related with that policy appear.
If none of your policies are tagged, all 5 appear. If you have only one policy tagged, that policy
appears in the Policy field by default.
Create an exception questionnaire
When you are setting up the Policy Exception Integration Registry, you can define configurable
questions that can be included in risk assessments created from templates. The Policy
Exception Integration Registry can be associated with one template at a time.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.attestation_creator
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Exception Questionnaire.
2. Click New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1733
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 37*

Note: Notice that the Assessment Metric Type screen opened. In the terminology
of GRC applications, a question in a questionnaire is considered a metric. A group of
questions is a category. A group of categories is a metric type.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Assessment Metric Type form
Field Description
Name The name of the questionnaire.
Assessment The amount of time allowed from the creation of the assessment to its
duration completion.
Table The table containing the records to be assessed.
Scale factor The scale factor to be used for all questionnaire results.
State The publish state of the assessment: Draft or Published.
Enforce When selected, all records that do not meet the conditions defined are
condition deleted.
Roles Roles that have Read access to the information in the assessment.
Condition Conditions for selecting records from the selected table to be assessed. For
more information, see Condition builder .
Description A description for this exception questionnaire.
4.Save the questionnaire record.
5. Click Attestation Designer to create the questionnaire.
For more information, see Attestation Designer.
Define policy exception verification rules
The verification rule is used to verify the accuracy and completeness of a policy exception
request prior to sending it out for approvals. You can define multiple levels of approvers for an
application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1734
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | The name of the questionnaire. |
| Assessment duration | The amount of time allowed from the creation of the assessment to its completion. |
| Table | The table containing the records to be assessed. |
| Scale factor | The scale factor to be used for all questionnaire results. |
| State | The publish state of the assessment: Draft or Published. |
| Enforce condition | When selected, all records that do not meet the conditions defined are deleted. |
| Roles | Roles that have Read access to the information in the assessment. |
| Condition | Conditions for selecting records from the selected table to be assessed. For more information, see Condition builder . |
| Description | A description for this exception questionnaire. |


---
*Page 38*

Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.manager to create the policy exception verification rules
•survey_reader to review and verify the questionnaire
About this task
Defining verification rules is an optional step. If you do not define verification rules or define them
and do not activate them, approvals from the requester's team will not be required.
You can also use the GRC Approval Configurator to configure policy exception rules. For more
information, see Define policy exception and extension rules.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Verification Rule.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Type Defaults to Verification Rule.
Name Enter a name for this approval configuration.
Short Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration.
description
Source Select the application for that applies to this verification rule. Only applications
application that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed.
Active If this is selected, this verification rule is active and the requester will have the
option of requesting an initial approval prior to sending it to the compliance
manager for approvals.
4.Click Update.
The Approver Levels related list appears. This related list allows you to define multiple
approver levels for a rule. One or more users, or a group of users can be selected as approvers
for each level. Approvers must be assigned the survey_reader role. You can make it mandatory
for all selected users to approve the exception or optionally allow a single user to approve on
behalf of all approvers.
5. Click Submit.
When the policy exception record transitions to the Pending Verification state, the designated
approvers are notified that their approval is required. If any fields in the policy exception
request were not filled in by the requester (for example, the Policy or Control Objective), those
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1735
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | Defaults to Verification Rule. |
| Name | Enter a name for this approval configuration. |
| Short description | Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration. |
| Source application | Select the application for that applies to this verification rule. Only applications that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed. |
| Active | If this is selected, this verification rule is active and the requester will have the option of requesting an initial approval prior to sending it to the compliance manager for approvals. |


---
*Page 39*

fields become mandatory for the approvers. When the approvers have reviewed, completed,
and approved the request, it transitions to the Analyze state and is assigned to the compliance
manager for further analysis and approval.
Define policy exception approval rules
Approval rules define the criteria (risk rating, policy or control objective) that is used for sending
approval requests for an exception. Rules can be configured for an application and you can
identify multiple levels of approvers, as needed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
About this task
You can configure approvals to be sent out automatically or manually after review.
Note: When policy exceptions are created from upstream applications (from Vulnerability
Response for example), the policy exception must have impacted controls present before
you can request approval.
For policy exceptions created using Policy and Compliance Management, exceptions can
be requested for a policy without impacted controls being present, even if both policies and
control objectives are added to the exception form. However, for policy exceptions created
for control objectives alone, impacted controls must be present before you can request
approval.
You can also use the GRC Approval Configurator to configure policy exception rules. For more
information, see Define policy exception and extension rules.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > Approval Rule.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1736
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 40*

Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Type Defaults to Approval Rule.
Name Enter a name for this approval configuration.
Short Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration.
description
Source Select the application for that applies to this approval rule. Only applications
application that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed.
Active If this is selected, this approval rule is active.
Risk rating The risk rating is determined by running a risk assessment on the policy
exception.
Policy Select the policy against which this policy exception is being applied.
Control Select the control objective that references the selected policy.
objective
Auto- Select this check box to automatically trigger all approvals after the review is
trigger completed. If you do not select it, the compliance manager can manually trigger
approvals the approvals defined by this rule.
Order Order defines the precedence of triggering this rule as compared to another
rule that is applicable to the exception and defined with similar criteria.
4.Click Update.
The Approver Levels related list appears. This related list allows you to define multiple
approver levels for a rule. One or more users, or a group of users can be selected as approvers
for each level. Approvers must be assigned the survey_reader role. You can make it mandatory
for all selected users to approve the exception or optionally allow a single user to approve on
behalf of all approvers.
5. Click New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1737
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | Defaults to Approval Rule. |
| Name | Enter a name for this approval configuration. |
| Short description | Provide a brief description of the purpose of the configuration. |
| Source application | Select the application for that applies to this approval rule. Only applications that have been previously added to the Integration Registry are listed. |
| Active | If this is selected, this approval rule is active. |
| Risk rating | The risk rating is determined by running a risk assessment on the policy exception. |
| Policy | Select the policy against which this policy exception is being applied. |
| Control objective | Select the control objective that references the selected policy. |
| Auto- trigger approvals | Select this check box to automatically trigger all approvals after the review is completed. If you do not select it, the compliance manager can manually trigger the approvals defined by this rule. |
| Order | Order defines the precedence of triggering this rule as compared to another rule that is applicable to the exception and defined with similar criteria. |


---
*Page 41*

6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Approver Level form
Field Description
Name Enter a name for this approval level.
Description Provide a brief description of the approval level.
Required Select One approval required to allow a single user to approve on behalf of all
approval approvers.
Select All users must approve to make it mandatory that all designated users
approve the selection.
Users Select one or more users to act as policy exception approvers.
Groups Select one or more groups to act as policy exception approvers.
Note: Users who belong to the group must have GRC business user
(sn_grc.business_user) role.
Order Select the order to determine the sequence of levels used with respect to other
levels (that is, order 1 is displayed first).
7.Click Submit.
If you selected the Auto-trigger approvals check box, the designated approvers are notified
that their approvals are required. Alternatively, the approvers are notified when the compliance
manager clicks the Send for Approval button.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1738
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a name for this approval level. |
| Description | Provide a brief description of the approval level. |
| Required approval | Select One approval required to allow a single user to approve on behalf of all approvers. Select All users must approve to make it mandatory that all designated users approve the selection. |
| Users | Select one or more users to act as policy exception approvers. |
| Groups | Select one or more groups to act as policy exception approvers. Note: Users who belong to the group must have GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) role. |
| Order | Select the order to determine the sequence of levels used with respect to other levels (that is, order 1 is displayed first). |


---
*Page 42*

Define policy extension approval rules
Enable the GRC Approval Configurator from the Policy and Compliance Properties page to
allow multiple approvers for policy extension approvals, replacing the single default approver
(Compliance Manager).
To enhance flexibility in policy extension approvals, enable the GRC Approval Configurator from
the Policy and Compliance Properties page. This configuration allows multiple approvers to be
designated, thereby overcoming the previous constraint of relying on a single default approver,
namely the Compliance Manager.
For more information, see GRC Approval Configurator for approving policy exceptions and
extensions.
To enable GRC Approval Configurator, see Enable GRC Approval Configurator.
To configure the policy extension approval rules, see Define policy exception and extension
rules.
GRC Approval Configurator for approving policy exceptions and extensions
Users can now manage policy exceptions and extensions with granular, multi-level approval
flows using the GRC Approval Configurator.
Users can now configure policy exceptions and extensions through the GRC Approval
Configurator. The GRC Approval configurator enables more granular rule definitions and broader
configuration options for policy exceptions and extensions.
The GRC Approval Configurator allows users to define approval rules for exceptions and
extensions, assign approvals to designated users or groups, and implement multi-level approval
flows. Exception and Extension requests are automatically routed based on the configured rules,
and approvers can directly approve or reject extensions within their workspace.
Benefits of Using Approval Configurator for Policy Exceptions and Extensions
The GRC Approval Configurator provides several benefits when managing policy exceptions and
extensions, including:
•Customized approval processes: Create tailored approval rules based on specific conditions
such as exception type, requestor role, or policy domain. This allows for precise control over
the approval workflow and ensures that each request is evaluated appropriately.
•Multi-level approvals: Configure sequential approval levels involving various stakeholders—
such as Compliance Managers, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), and designated approvers—to
ensure thorough review and accountability.
•Dynamic rule-based approvals: Set up multi-level approval rules based on dynamic conditions.
Approvals can be sent to users or groups selected from fields in the source record, or manually
assigned. You can also configure whether only one approval or all approvals are required at
each level.
•Automated routing: Automatically direct exception and extension requests to the relevant
approvers based on predefined rules. This reduces manual effort and minimizes delays.
•Workspace integration: Approvers can review and act on requests directly within their
workspace, maintaining a clear audit trail and improving operational efficiency.
Workflow for policy exception approvals
The policy exception approval process consists of five main states:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1739
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 43*

•New: When a policy exception is created, it enters the New state.
At this stage, verification approvals are triggered to validate whether the exception request is
legitimate. These approvals are created using the Verification Configuration template.
•Analyze: After the verification is complete and approved (based on the verification rule), the
request moves to the Analyze state.
Here, a Compliance Manager evaluates the request. They can either move it to the Review
state for further scrutiny, or request input from a Subject Matter Expert (SME) if additional
domain-specific insight is needed.
•Review: In this state, the request is reviewed in detail by the SME for technical validation.
•Awaiting Approval: After the SME input is gathered, the request enters the Awaiting Approval
state for gathering the final Approvals from designated approvers (based on the final approval
configuration rules).
•Approved: After final approval, the policy exception is marked as Approved and becomes
active.
•Closed: After the exception is no longer required, After the exception or extension is no longer
needed, it is moved to the Closed state.
Workflow for policy extension approvals
Approved exceptions can be extended through a similar approval process. Extension requests
are routed using the same GRC Approval Configurator. Multiple approvers or groups can be
configured to approve or reject extension requests.
Configuring policy exceptions and extensions
You can set up the approval rules using the Approval Configurator:
•Enable the GRC Approval Configurator from the Policy and Compliance Properties page. For
more information, see Enable GRC Approval Configurator.
•Configure granular approval rules for policy exceptions and extensions using the GRC
Approval Configurator. For more information, see Define policy exception and extension rules.
•
•
Roles required for configuring policy exceptions and extensions
Users must have the following roles:
•sn_compliance.manager to create approval rules.
•sn_grc.business_user or sn_grc.business_user_lite to view exception and extension records.
Enable GRC Approval Configurator
Enable the GRC Approval Configurator from the Policy and Compliance Properties page.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1740
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 44*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Properties.
2. Select Yes for the Enable GRC Approval Configurator instead of legacy and verification rules
for policy exception property.
3. Select Save.
Define policy exception and extension rules
Configure granular approval rules for policy exceptions and extensions using the GRC Approval
Configurator.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager to create the policy exception and extension rules.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Assignment and Approval Configurations > Approval Configurations.
The Approval Configurator is shipped with default templates for verification, final approval, and
extension. The priority is set for each of them. By default, verification configuration is set with
priority 1, approval configuration is set to priority 2, and extension approval configuration to
priority 3.
2. Select the configuration template.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Name Enter a name for this configuration.
Active Select this option to activate the configuration.
Applies Ensure that Policy exception (sn_compliance_policy_exception) option is
to selected.
Domain Search for and select the functional group or role that should be associated with
the approval flow.
Filter Use filter conditions to define when the configuration should be activated. The
Condition available values are sourced from the Policy Exception table. You must set both
the State and Sub-state conditions. Use logical operators such as AND or OR to
build complex condition sets.
4.Select New in the Approval Levels table to add approval levels to the configuration.
a.Provide a name.
b.Assign a level.
c.Select Submit.
You can add multiple levels for the configuration. Each level can have its own rule, assigned
users or groups, and triggering conditions.
5. Select the approval level you have created and select New to add the rule to the approval
level.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1741
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a name for this configuration. |
| Active | Select this option to activate the configuration. |
| Applies to | Ensure that Policy exception (sn_compliance_policy_exception) option is selected. |
| Domain | Search for and select the functional group or role that should be associated with the approval flow. |
| Filter Condition | Use filter conditions to define when the configuration should be activated. The available values are sourced from the Policy Exception table. You must set both the State and Sub-state conditions. Use logical operators such as AND or OR to build complex condition sets. |


*Note: Pages 27–44 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
