# Manage policy exceptions and extensions

*Pages 69–79 of source PDF*


---
*Page 69*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance > Authority Documents.
2. Open an authority document.
3. In the authority document, clear the check box marked Active.
For Authority documents imported from UCF, users are not allowed to clear the Active check
box as it is a read-only form.
Manage policy exceptions and extensions
Policy exceptions and extensions provide temporary relief for non-compliant controls.
The policy exception captures the rationale, comments, and evidence to support the acceptance
or rejection of a policy exception request. Also, you can request an extension to an approved
policy exception before the policy exception validity period. The control owner, the compliance
manager, and the risk manager may be involved in the policy exception and extension workflow.
Request a policy exception
Users can request exceptions for policies, control objectives, or issues by specifying the reason
of exception on a particular list of the systems, applications, networks, or entities for which the
exception will apply. The user must also specify the duration for which the exception is required.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
About this task
Exceptions provide temporary relief for users unable to meet compliance requirements due to
extraordinary situations. For example, if the user is unable to meet a control that stipulates that all
critical OS servers must be patched within 48 hours after the OS vendor releases patches.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > My Policy Exceptions.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Policy Exception form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number.
Requester Person requesting the policy exception, usually the control owner.
Approval Group that has the compliance manager role. You cannot edit the approval
group group if the policy exception reaches Review state.
If you do not provide an approval group, then the field defaults to compliance
manager. Compliance manager is the default role if the policy exception is
raised from any upstream application that is integrated with GRC. For example,
if you raise a policy exception for a problem that is related to an incident and
that problem is related to GRC.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1766
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Requester | Person requesting the policy exception, usually the control owner. |
| Approval group | Group that has the compliance manager role. You cannot edit the approval group if the policy exception reaches Review state. If you do not provide an approval group, then the field defaults to compliance manager. Compliance manager is the default role if the policy exception is raised from any upstream application that is integrated with GRC. For example, if you raise a policy exception for a problem that is related to an incident and that problem is related to GRC. |


---
*Page 70*

Field Description
Approver User from the approval group. If the exception policy moves to the Analyze
state, then you must select an approver.
State State of the policy exception within the approval workflow.
Substate Approval substate of the policy exception within the approval workflow.
Priority Approval priority of this policy exception
Watch list Users that are notified when the request is updated.
Name Unique name of the policy exception.
Reason Reason for requesting the policy exception. The requester can change the
reason until the policy exception is approved.
Justification Statement of explanation for the policy exception. Justification is also
displayed in the Additional comments field of the Comments tab.
Source
Source type Type of policy exception that you want to create. The options are:
◦Policy: Create a policy exception based on a policy.
◦Control objective: Default is a single control objective on which the policy
exception is created.
When you select a control objective, theImpacted controls tab appears,
where you can select controls associated to the control objective.
◦Controls: Option to create a policy exception on multiple controls.
Select Control to associate multiple controls from different control
objectives. This option supports multiple controls objectives for your policy
exception, instead of creating multiple policy exceptions that could be
applied on multiple controls.
◦Issue: Issue associated with this policy exception.
Control Control objective associated with this policy exception.
objective
Issue Issue associated with this policy exception.
Target Target record table on which the policy exception is applied. This table is also
record referenced in the Policy exception target table field of the Policy Exception
Integration Registry form.
Risk assessment
Risk rating Select the risk rating as determined by the risk assessment performed on the
policy exception.
Risk Description of the risk as performed by the risk manager during risk
description assessment.
Analysis Details on the likelihood of this risk occurring and residual impacts of this risk
of risk and on the policy exception.
impact
Risk The risk mitigation plan for this policy exception.
mitigation
plan
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1767
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Approver | User from the approval group. If the exception policy moves to the Analyze state, then you must select an approver. |
| State | State of the policy exception within the approval workflow. |
| Substate | Approval substate of the policy exception within the approval workflow. |
| Priority | Approval priority of this policy exception |
| Watch list | Users that are notified when the request is updated. |
| Name | Unique name of the policy exception. |
| Reason | Reason for requesting the policy exception. The requester can change the reason until the policy exception is approved. |
| Justification | Statement of explanation for the policy exception. Justification is also displayed in the Additional comments field of the Comments tab. |
| Source |  |
| Source type | Type of policy exception that you want to create. The options are: ◦Policy: Create a policy exception based on a policy. ◦Control objective: Default is a single control objective on which the policy exception is created. When you select a control objective, theImpacted controls tab appears, where you can select controls associated to the control objective. ◦Controls: Option to create a policy exception on multiple controls. Select Control to associate multiple controls from different control objectives. This option supports multiple controls objectives for your policy exception, instead of creating multiple policy exceptions that could be applied on multiple controls. ◦Issue: Issue associated with this policy exception. |
| Control objective | Control objective associated with this policy exception. |
| Issue | Issue associated with this policy exception. |
| Target record | Target record table on which the policy exception is applied. This table is also referenced in the Policy exception target table field of the Policy Exception Integration Registry form. |
| Risk assessment |  |
| Risk rating | Select the risk rating as determined by the risk assessment performed on the policy exception. |
| Risk description | Description of the risk as performed by the risk manager during risk assessment. |
| Analysis of risk and impact | Details on the likelihood of this risk occurring and residual impacts of this risk on the policy exception. |
| Risk mitigation plan | The risk mitigation plan for this policy exception. |


---
*Page 71*

Field Description
Schedule
Valid from Day on which the policy exception begins.
Valid to Day on which the policy exception ends.
Valid to date must be after Valid from date and cannot be a past date.
Duration Number of days between the Valid from and Valid to dates.
Approved Number of times extensions have been requested so far and have been
extensions approved.
Remaining Number of times extensions can be requested in future.
extensions
Remaining extensions = Value in the Number of
extensions allowed for a policy exception property –
Number of Approved extensions.
Created Date on which the policy exception was requested.
Date Date on which the request was approved.
approved
Extension Requested extension date, which is after the Valid to date.
date
Extension Reason for extension.
reason
Original Date until which the policy exception was originally requested and approved.
valid to The original Valid to date is populated only when the extension is approved.
Comments
Work Notes Work notes can be used by exception reviewers and approvers to share
Information about the exception.
Additional These comments are used by the reviewer to communicate additional
comments information to the exception requester.
Confidentiality
Confidential Option to enable confidentiality of the record. Only the assigned confidential
users or confidential groups of users can access the record.
For more information on confidential option, see Confidentiality flag for audit
and compliance records.
Note: In versions prior to Version 10.1, the Risk assessment tab was called Business
Impact Analysis and required that the GRC: Risk Management application be activated.
Starting in Version 10.1, the dependency on Risk Management has been removed and the
associated field names have changed.
Approved extensions, Remaining extensions, Date approved, Extension date, Extension
reason, Original valid to fields appear only when you have requested an extension on the
policy exception and has been approved by the approver.
4.Save the policy exception.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1768
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Schedule |  |
| Valid from | Day on which the policy exception begins. |
| Valid to | Day on which the policy exception ends. Valid to date must be after Valid from date and cannot be a past date. |
| Duration | Number of days between the Valid from and Valid to dates. |
| Approved extensions | Number of times extensions have been requested so far and have been approved. |
| Remaining extensions | Number of times extensions can be requested in future. Remaining extensions = Value in the Number of extensions allowed for a policy exception property – Number of Approved extensions. |
| Created | Date on which the policy exception was requested. |
| Date approved | Date on which the request was approved. |
| Extension date | Requested extension date, which is after the Valid to date. |
| Extension reason | Reason for extension. |
| Original valid to | Date until which the policy exception was originally requested and approved. The original Valid to date is populated only when the extension is approved. |
| Comments |  |
| Work Notes | Work notes can be used by exception reviewers and approvers to share Information about the exception. |
| Additional comments | These comments are used by the reviewer to communicate additional information to the exception requester. |
| Confidentiality |  |
| Confidential | Option to enable confidentiality of the record. Only the assigned confidential users or confidential groups of users can access the record. For more information on confidential option, see Confidentiality flag for audit and compliance records. |

| Remaining extensions = Value in the Number of |
| --- |
| extensions allowed for a policy exception property – |
| Number of Approved extensions |


---
*Page 72*

5. Click any of the tabs to view the various types of information for the policy exception
6.Click Update.
Request an extension to policy exception
Request an extension for the policy exception that you created.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > My Policy Exceptions.
2. Open the policy exception for which you want to request extension.
As a requester you can request extensions to a policy exception that is in Approved state
more than once. Configure the Number of extensions allowed for a policy
exception property to request policy extension multiple times.
a.To set up the property, navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration >
Properties
b.Enter the number in the Number of extensions allowed for a policy
exception property.
If you enter 20, then you can request 20 extensions for each policy exception.
Note: If an extension request is rejected by the approver, then you can request
another extension until the Valid to date is reached.
3. Click the Request Extension button.
4.On the pop-up, fill in the Extension date, Extension reason, and Justification fields.
Request extension form
Field Descriptions
Extension date Requested extension date, which is later than
the Valid to date.
Extension reason Reason for extension.
Justification Statement of explanation for the request
extension. Justification is also displayed
in the Additional comments field of the
Comments tab.
5. Click Request.
You can see the policy extension details in the Schedule tab of the Policy exception form after
the requester has requested for an extension and the extension has been approved by the
approver.
Review the policy exception and extension request
After reviewing a policy exception request, a compliance manager can accept or reject the
request. However, if the compliance manager doesn't have enough information decide, they can
request a risk assessment by the risk manager.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1769
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Descriptions |
| --- | --- |
| Extension date | Requested extension date, which is later than the Valid to date. |
| Extension reason | Reason for extension. |
| Justification | Statement of explanation for the request extension. Justification is also displayed in the Additional comments field of the Comments tab. |


---
*Page 73*

Before you begin
Role required: compliance manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > My Policy Exceptions.
2. Select the policy exception.
3. Perform one of the following actions.
Option Action
a.Select the Impacted Controls tab.
Note: You can add a single con­
trol objective if your Source type is
Control objective. However, if your
Source type is Controls, then you can
To view or add impacted controls to the poli­ select multiple controls from different
cy exception control objectives. For more informa­
tion, see Request a policy exception.
b.Select the Add or Add All buttonto add the
manually created controls.
c.Choose the controls to associate to the poli­
cy exception.
To view mitigating controls on the policy ex­
Click the Mitigating Controls tab.
ception
Click the Risks tab.
To view or add risks to the policy exception Note: This option is available when
Risk Management plugin is also activat­
ed.
To view or add approvers to the policy ex­
Click the Approvers tab.
ception
a.Click the Request extension button.
b.Select a valid date that is later to the Valid
to date in the Extension date field.
c.Select a reason from the list in the Exten­
sion reason field.
To request extension
d. Enter an explanation for the request exten­
sion in the Justification field. Justification
is also displayed in the Additional com­
ments field of the Comments tab.
e. Click Request.
4.Perform one of the following actions.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1770
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 74*

Option Action
Click Approve.
To approve the policy exception An email notification is sent to the requester
that the PER was approved and goes into ef­
fect.
Click Reject.
To reject the policy exception An email notification is sent to the requester
that the PER was rejected and the request is
closed.
Click Approve Extension.
To approve the policy extension An email notification is sent to the requester
that the extension request was approved and
goes into effect.
Click Reject Extension.
To reject the policy extension An email notification is sent to the requester
that the extension request was rejected and
the request is closed.
Click Request Risk Assessment.
An email notification is sent to the risk man­
To request a risk assessment on the policy
agers group.
exception
Note: This option is available when
Risk Management is also activated.
Click Request Business Owner Approval .
To request business owner approval
An email notification is sent to the business
owner.
5. Click Update.
Request a policy exception through Service Portal
Your employees and business users within your company can request a policy exception
®
through the ServiceNow Service Portal.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.user, sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite,
sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employee
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1771
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 75*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Service Portal > Service Portal Home.
2. In the screen header, navigate to GRC > My Policy Exceptions to view all policy exceptions
that you requested.
3. Click New Policy Exception.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Complete the Policy Exception form. Specify what the policy exception is for and select
appropriate policy, control objective, or issue. This question is for you to identify the
appropriate source type.
When you select a control objective, the Impacted controls tab appears, where you can select
controls associated to the control objective. You can also search and select an entity.
Select Control to associate multiple controls from different control objectives. This option
supports your policy exception for multiple controls objectives, instead of creating multiple
policy exceptions that could be applied on multiple controls.
If you are creating a policy exception from GRC > My Policy Acknowledgements, then What
is the exception for? field auto-populates the value as Policy. The name of the policy also
appears in the Policy field.
In Issue field, you can search by the description and select the appropriate issue.
5. Click Submit.
If you raise a policy exception from Service Portal and if verification rules are not configured,
then the policy exception moves to the Analyze state. However, if verification rules are
configured for the policy exception, then the policy exception moves to the New state and the
verification approval process is triggered. As verification rules are configured the approver is
required to verify the policy exception and approve it, only then the policy exception moves to
Analyze state.
Request a policy extension through Service Portal
®
From the ServiceNow Portal, anyone who has requested a policy exception can request an
extension before the policy deadline.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
Add the My Policy Exceptions widget to the Service Portal index page. The widget is visible only if
there is at least one policy exception in your list.
Procedure
1.Click My Policy Exceptions in the Service Portal.
2. Open the policy exception for which you want to request for extension.
The number of remaining extensions that you can request is displayed.
Set the number of extensions allowed for a policy exception in the Number of extensions
allowed for a policy exception field on the Policy and Compliance Properties page.
3. In the Request extension section, enter the date until which you want to extend.
A note displays the remaining number of extensions that you can request.
4.Click Request.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1772
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 76*

Result
The extension request is sent for approval to the approving authority.
Policy Exception Integration with Vulnerability Response
Starting with Version 10.1, you can request policy exceptions using the GRC policy exception
management capability inherent in the Policy and Compliance Management application from
within version 10.3 of the Vulnerability Response application.
Benefits of using the Policy Exception Integration
Requesting exceptions using the policy exception integration with Policy and Compliance
Management provides the following benefits:
•Perform assessments to gather additional information about the requests.
•Request exceptions based on a specific policy or control objective. This action shows the
effects on compliance when an exception is approved.
•Configure approvals to be triggered automatically based on the risk rating, policy, or control
objective associated with the policy exception.
How the Policy Exception Integration works
The scenario described here assumes that a vulnerability has been identified in your system and
your remediation owner has determined that a software patch is needed. The patch has not been
fully tested and the owner is requesting a policy exception to defer deployment of the patch until
testing is complete.
The following diagram illustrates the steps performed by the compliance manager and the
remediation owner in each of the applications.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1773
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 77*

Policy Exception integration
Note: The GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) or business user – lite
(sn_grc.business_user_lite) is the minimum required role to raise a policy exception from an
upstream application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1774
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 78*

1.When the Vulnerability Response application was installed, two policy exception integration
records are automatically created and added to the Integration Registry, one for a vulnerability
group and one for a vulnerable item.
Policy exception integration register
To configure the vulnerable item record, the compliance manager performs the following steps.
a.Identifies the mapping of tables used to integrate the two applications.
b.Defines reasons for requesting exceptions.
c.(optionally) Defines policy categories for filtering policies
d. (optionally) Creates one or more questionnaires to be sent to the requester to gather
additional information about the policy exception request.
2. The compliance manager also defines optional verification rules and approval rules to
automate the process of getting approvals for the policy exception.
3. In Vulnerability Response, the remediation owner Request an exception using GRC: Policy and
Compliance Management .
4.If a verification rule was defined for the application, the designated approvers are notified that
their approval is required. If any fields in the policy exception request were not filled in by the
requester (for example, the Policy or Control Objective), those fields become mandatory for
the approvers. When the approvers have reviewed, completed, and approved the request, it
transitions to the Analyze state and is assigned to the compliance manager for further analysis
and approval.
5. In Policy and Compliance Management, the compliance manager receives the approved
request, and assigns a risk rating to the policy exception request on the Risk assessment tab.
Policy exception request on the Risk assessment tab
When the policy exception record is saved, information in the Source tab, including the source
application and source record, as well as information in the Vulnerable Items related list are
auto-populated. The compliance manager now has access to all the data needed to review and
approve the policy exception.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1775
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 79*

6.In Policy and Compliance Management, the compliance manager performs the exception
assessment, if assessments were configured. When the assessment is completed, the
compliance manager returns to the Risk assessment tab and updates the Risk rating based
on the findings of the assessment, if needed. The compliance manager also populates the
following fields with information gathered during the assessment.
Risk assessment tab
Field Description
Risk description Provide details about the risk associated with this policy exception.
Analysis of risk and Provide details about your analysis of the risk and impact to the
impact policy exception.
Risk mitigation plan Provide details about the mitigation plan associated with this policy
exception.
7.If the policy exception is missing any information, the compliance manager can click Request
More Information and add comments to identify the type of data needed. The requester is
notified and provides the requested information.
8.Optionally, the compliance manager can send the policy exception out for an additional in-
house review before approving it by clicking Request Review.
Note: Prior to requesting a review, ensure that the Impacted Controls related list
contains the controls that are impacted by the policy exception. Simply open the related
list, click Add, and select the controls.
9.If the policy exception is of a particularly high risk, and the compliance manager believes that
approval should come from someone higher in the organization (for example, the CIO), the
compliance manager can click Request Approval.
Otherwise, approval is performed in the following scenarios.
Approval rule
Effect on approval
defined
If an Selecting Approved causes the policy exception to be approved.
approval
rule was not
defined for
Vulnerability
Response
If an You can click Request Approval to send the policy exception to the users or
approval groups defined in the rule. For example, an approval rule may indicate that
rule was when the policy exception is based on a particular policy, a certain set of
defined, but users or groups are notified that they need to provide approval for the policy
the Auto- exception. Or, an approval rule may be defined so that any policy exception
trigger with a risk rating of Critical is automatically sent to a certain set of approvers.
check box
was not The number of approvers necessary to approve the policy exception depends
selected on the setting in the Required Approval field in the rule.
You can also click Approve to approve the policy exception yourself.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1776
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Risk description | Provide details about the risk associated with this policy exception. |
| Analysis of risk and impact | Provide details about your analysis of the risk and impact to the policy exception. |
| Risk mitigation plan | Provide details about the mitigation plan associated with this policy exception. |

| Approval rule defined | Effect on approval |
| --- | --- |
| If an approval rule was not defined for Vulnerability Response | Selecting Approved causes the policy exception to be approved. |
| If an approval rule was defined, but the Auto- trigger check box was not selected | You can click Request Approval to send the policy exception to the users or groups defined in the rule. For example, an approval rule may indicate that when the policy exception is based on a particular policy, a certain set of users or groups are notified that they need to provide approval for the policy exception. Or, an approval rule may be defined so that any policy exception with a risk rating of Critical is automatically sent to a certain set of approvers. The number of approvers necessary to approve the policy exception depends on the setting in the Required Approval field in the rule. You can also click Approve to approve the policy exception yourself. |


*Note: Pages 69–79 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
