# Manage issues in Policy and Compliance Management

*Pages 80–90 of source PDF*


---
*Page 80*

Approval rule
Effect on approval
defined
If an Clicking the Approve button causes the approval rule to be executed and
approval the policy exception is automatically sent to the users or groups defined by
rule was the rule for approval. Auto-trigger causes this step to be mandatory. When
defined, approvals are received, the policy exception goes into effect.
and the
Auto-trigger
check
box was
selected
10.In Vulnerability Response, after the approvals have been received, the policy exception
becomes active and the patching activity on the vulnerable item is deferred until the policy
exception expires. When the Valid until date is reached, the policy exception expires and the
state of the vulnerable item changes from Deferred to Open.
Manage issues in Policy and Compliance Management
You can measure the effectiveness of your company's risk management program by how quickly
and completely it identifies and reacts to compliance issues.
To know more about how issues function across all GRC applications, see GRC issues.
Manually create GRC issues
As a GRC user, you can manually create issues to document policy, risk, or audit observations,
or to accept any GRC problems. You can also identify the source of the issue to help analyze and
classify the issues.
Before you begin
Role required: (per product)
•In Policy and Compliance Management: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
•In Risk Management: sn_grc.business_user
•In Audit Management: sn_grc.business_usersn_grc.business_user_lite
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1 of the products mentioned above, the minimum role for
the Assigned to user on the Issues form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user]. The
minimum role for the Issue manager is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
For more information on the access control limitations to issues, see GRC business user role to
control access and track usage of compliance tables.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Issues > Create New.
◦Risk > Issues > Create New.
◦Audit > Issues > Create New.
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1 of the products mentioned above, the minimum role for
the Assigned to user on the Issues form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user].
The minimum role for the Issue manager is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1777
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Approval rule defined | Effect on approval |
| --- | --- |
| If an approval rule was defined, and the Auto-trigger check box was selected | Clicking the Approve button causes the approval rule to be executed and the policy exception is automatically sent to the users or groups defined by the rule for approval. Auto-trigger causes this step to be mandatory. When approvals are received, the policy exception goes into effect. |


---
*Page 81*

2. On the Issue form, fill in the fields.
The due date under the Dates tab is automatically calculated based on the issue rating. You
can manually override the calculated due date. The Task SLAs related list creates and displays
SLAs based on the Due date.
3. Save the issue record.
The tabs at the bottom of the screen enable you to perform various tasks for remediating the
issue. You can add policy exceptions and create remediation tasks. Additionally, you can view
other issues, indicator results, and task SLAs related to the issue.
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1, the Task SLA tab creates and displays SLAs based
on the Due date. Notifications are sent to the issue owner and issue manager when the
issue Due date reaches 50%, then 75%, then when it breaches. If the Assigned to and
Due date fields are not empty and the issue is not in the New state, an SLA is created for
the issue.
If the due date for the SLA changes, a new SLA is created. The SLA is completed
when the issue transitions to Closed Complete or Closed Incomplete. Also, the SLA is
cancelled if the Due date or Assigned to fields are empty, or the state is New.
Also starting with Version 12.0.1, remediation tasks can be created with the Assigned to
user and issue manager user roles, as well as any user with the GRC Business User role.
Group similar issues under a new parent issue
When you are creating an issue, you have the option of grouping the issue with other similar
issues.
Before you begin
Role required: (per product)
•In Policy and Compliance Management: compliance_admin, compliance_manager, or
sn_compliance.user
•In Risk Management: risk_admin, risk_manager, or sn_risk.user
•In Audit Management: audit_admin, audit_manager, audit_admin, or sn_audit.user
About this task
Grouping issues under a parent can save you valuable time. For example, assume you have an
issue related to patching Windows servers. Since each server is a separate entity, all controls
associated with "Windows servers should be patched every Tuesday" will have the same issue.
Therefore, the issue can be resolved once for all of the Windows servers by applying the relevant
patch one time. So, this feature can be used to group similar issues and resolve them all at the
parent level.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Issues > Create New.
◦Risk > Issues > Create New.
◦Audit > Issues > Create New.
2. On the form, locate the Parent issue field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1778
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 82*

3. Click the bulb icon ( ) to view similar issues that you may want to assign to this parent issue.
Note: Standalone issues are similar to the current issue, but that are not assigned to
a parent issue group. The Confidence score is calculated using a similarity definition
included in the GRC: Predictive Intelligence application base system.
4.You can click the Information icon to view details for any similar issues in order to help
determine whether they should be grouped with the current issue.
5. Select the similar issues you want to group with the current issue, and click Group.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1779
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 83*

6.On the form, fill in the fields.
Issue form
Field Description
Group To group the selected issues and assign
them to a new group, select Create a new
group.
To add the selected issues to an existing
group, select the group.
New group This field displays only if you selected Create
a new group. Type the name of the new
group.
Description This field displays only if you selected Create
a new group. Type a description of the group.
Assigned to This field displays only if you selected Create
a new group. Select the user to whom the
group is assigned.
7.Click OK.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1780
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Group | To group the selected issues and assign them to a new group, select Create a new group. To add the selected issues to an existing group, select the group. |
| New group | This field displays only if you selected Create a new group. Type the name of the new group. |
| Description | This field displays only if you selected Create a new group. Type a description of the group. |
| Assigned to | This field displays only if you selected Create a new group. Select the user to whom the group is assigned. |


---
*Page 84*

The selected issues are added to a new or existing group.
8.You can view the issue in the group by clicking the Issues tab.
Group similar issues under an existing parent issue
When you are creating an issue, you have the option of grouping the issue with other similar
issues as part of an existing parent issue group.
Before you begin
Role required: (per product)
•In Policy and Compliance Management: compliance_admin, compliance_manager, or
sn_compliance.user
•In Risk Management: risk_admin, risk_manager, or sn_risk.user
•In Audit Management: audit_admin, audit_manager, audit_admin, or sn_audit.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Issues > Create New.
◦Risk > Issues > Create New.
◦Audit > Issues > Create New.
2. On the form, locate the Parent field.
3. Click the bulb icon ( ) and select Issues with existing parent from the Group with drop-
down list.
You are shown a list of similar issues.
4.Click the Similar issue you want to group with the current issue.
The parent issue of the issue you select becomes the parent issue of the current issue.
5. You can view the issue in the group by clicking the Issues tab.
User hierarchy access control
If a user is assigned to an issue or a remediation task, then the manager of the user and the
manager above in the hierarchy also get access to the issue or remediation task record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1781
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 85*

The user reference in the Assigned to field, Opened by field, or Owner field are configurable in
the User hierarchy configurations [sn_grc_user_hierarchy_configuration] table. Therefore, you
can configure the fields in the table and enter the user reference, for example Assigned to or
Issue Manager as User reference field 1 or User reference field 2. However, you can configure
only two fields in a table.
The manager of the user in the user reference field and the manager above in the hierarchy
can be configured as User hierarchy field 1 and User hierarchy field 2, respectively. If one of
them is no longer the manager of the user in the user reference field, then that user in the
hierarchy loses access to the record. You can view the hierarchy of users in the User Hierarchy
[sn_grc_user_hierarchy] table.
The prerequisites to enable user hierarchy access control are:
•Users in the hierarchy must have at least the GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) role.
•The sn_grc.enable_user_hierarchy_access_control system property must be
set as true.
The concept of user hierarchy is helpful as it provides more visibility to the users in the hierarchy
in tracking its completion when it is assigned to a user in a team. User hierarchy fields are not
visible in the Issue or Remediation task form, however internally this feature enables you to
restrict access to records based on those users in the hierarchy who can access them.
Report self-identified issues via the Service Portal
Your employees and business users within your company can self-identify an issue and submit it
®
via the ServiceNow Service Portal. Following submission, a triage issue is automatically created.
Before you begin
You must download the GRC: Advanced Core application before you can use the Issue Triage
featuring within Policy and Compliance Management. For more information, see Download a
GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first time.
Role required: sn_compliance.user, sn_grc.business_user
About this task
There are multiple methods you can use to report an issue using the Service Portal. For example,
you can click the Request Something button on the Service Portal home page, select the
Governance, Risk, and Compliance category, and then click Report Issue. An alternate, and
perhaps simpler, method is described here.
Procedure
1.Open the Service Portal.
a.In your instance URL, type sp after your instance name.
b.Press the Return key.
Service Portal home page
2. In the screen header, navigate to GRC > My Issues to view issues already assigned to you.
My issues
3. Click Report an Issue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1782
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 86*

Report an issue
4.Answer the questions presented.
Example
Additional questions may appear depending on the answers you provide. For example, if your
response to the What type of issue is this? field is Incident or loss event, additional questions
relating to the incident or loss event are presented to you. Or if you select Non-compliance to
a policy at that field, you are asked for the affected policy and what you consider to be the root
cause of the issue.
5. When you have completed all of the questions, click Submit.
The request is submitted, and an issue triage record is created. This kicks off the issue triage
process.
Note: You can control the options displayed in the Service Portal GRC
option menu by returning to your instance and navigating to Policy and
Compliance > Issue Triage > Administration > Properties, and setting the
sn_grc_advanced.enable_my_issues_hide_my_reported_issues property.
If it is set to Yes, the GRC > My Issues menu option is available, and the My Reported
Issues option is hidden. You can use the My Issues menu option to create risk or
compliance issues that must be triaged before being released as actual issues.
If the property is set to No, the GRC > My Reported Issues menu option is available, and
the My Issues option is hidden. You can use the My Reported Issues menu option to
create actual risk or compliance issues directly from the Service Portal.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1783
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 87*

Triage a self-identified issue
After an issue has been identified and submitted by employees or business users via the Service
Portal, the issue triage process begins. The actual problem is identified and assigned to the
appropriate owner for prioritization and resolution.
Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.manager
•sn_compliance.user
•sn_grc_advanced.issue_triage_manager
•sn_grc_advanced.issue_triage_user
About this task
The assigned triage teams identify whether the self-identified issues are actual reported issues,
risk events, or observations to be tracked and possibly closed out as noise.
Note: In the initial release, only self-identified issues are handled by the triage process. In
a later release, system-generated issues, such as those caused by indicator or attestation
failures, will also be triaged.
The end-to-end flow of the issue triage life cycle is illustrated and described here.
Issue triage life cycle
Stage Description
Create and assign triage issue An employee identifies an issue related to
an entity, control, policy, authority document,
process, or risk, and submits a triage request
in the ServiceNow Service Portal.
Based on the type of issue submitted and an
issue assignment rule, the issue is assigned to
a triage team and a triage owner.
Analyze triage issue The triage team decides whether the issue
should be analyzed as an actual issue or risk
event, or tracked as a recommendation for a
policy or for optimizing a process.
During analysis, the triage team may request
more information from the issue creator. The
team may also optionally send the issue to the
compliance manager, risk manager, or triage
manager with a triage result.
Possible results include:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1784
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Stage | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Create and assign triage issue | An employee identifies an issue related to an entity, control, policy, authority document, process, or risk, and submits a triage request in the ServiceNow Service Portal. Based on the type of issue submitted and an issue assignment rule, the issue is assigned to a triage team and a triage owner. |


---
*Page 88*

Stage Description
•Confirmed as a new issue
•Confirmed as an existing issue
•Confirmed as a risk event
•Track as a recommendation
•Close as a non-issue/No action required
Review triage issue The Review state is optional. The team may
send the issue and result to the compliance
manager, risk manager, or triage manager
for review. They may also request more
information from the triage owner.
The compliance manager, risk manager, or
triage manager decides whether the issue
should be confirmed as an issue or risk event,
tracked as a recommendation, or closed as a
non-issue.
Close triage issue If the issue had been determined to be an
actual issue or risk event, those records are
created, or the triage issue is added to an
existing issue.
When the triage process is completed, the
triage issue is automatically closed. The issue
can also be manually closed by the manager
and triage team.
The following user roles are involved in the issue triage process.
Issue triage personas
Persona/Role Description
Business user/Employee Ability to report issue.
Ability to triage and review issues
•Compliance user/manager
•Risk user/manager
•Triage user/manager
Issue manager Ability to manage and review the reportable
issue
Issue owner Ability to resolve the reportable issue
assigned to them
Note: The triage user/manager and Issue manager roles were introduced in GRC: Policy
and Compliance Management version 11.1.0.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1785
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Stage | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Confirmed as a new issue •Confirmed as an existing issue •Confirmed as a risk event •Track as a recommendation •Close as a non-issue/No action required |
| Review triage issue | The Review state is optional. The team may send the issue and result to the compliance manager, risk manager, or triage manager for review. They may also request more information from the triage owner. The compliance manager, risk manager, or triage manager decides whether the issue should be confirmed as an issue or risk event, tracked as a recommendation, or closed as a non-issue. |
| Close triage issue | If the issue had been determined to be an actual issue or risk event, those records are created, or the triage issue is added to an existing issue. When the triage process is completed, the triage issue is automatically closed. The issue can also be manually closed by the manager and triage team. |

| Persona/Role | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Business user/Employee | Ability to report issue. |
| •Compliance user/manager •Risk user/manager •Triage user/manager | Ability to triage and review issues |
| Issue manager | Ability to manage and review the reportable issue |
| Issue owner | Ability to resolve the reportable issue assigned to them |


---
*Page 89*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Issue Triage > My Triage Issues or Risk > Issue
Triage > My Triage Issues.
The list shows triage issues previously created and assigned to you.
2. Click the number of the issue that you want to triage.
3. When you are ready for triage of this issue to begin, select a Triage owner and click Analyze.
The assigned Triage owner can now open the issue and begin analyzing the issue.
4.During analysis, the triage owner can perform several tasks.
Example
The owner may, for example, decide that the issue is misclassified and can change the Issue
type. This action could result in the Triage group and Triage owner changing. In this example,
the assignment rule runs in the background and the issue is removed from the current owner's
queue.
5. The triage owner can also perform the following actions:
◦Click Request Information to request additional information from the issue submitter.
◦Click Request Review to request a review from the user identified in the Reviewer field. That
user can open and review the issue by navigating to Policy and Compliance > Issue Triage >
My Pending Reviews.
◦Select the Details related list to provide additional enrichment to the issue.
6.After it has been determined what action (if any) should be performed on the issue, the triage
owner can select a result of the analysis from the Results related list.
Results
Note: The options available in the Result field depend on the Issue type identified for
this issue. For example, if you select Control design effectiveness failure as the Issue
type, the following results may be selected.
Additional results
7.If you select a result, such as Confirmed as a new compliance issue, which requires more
action than simple observation, additional analysis fields display.
If the result is Confirmed as an existing compliance issue, then an Existing issue field
appears where you must identify the existing issue that you are referring to.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1786
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 90*

8.When the issue triage is complete, the triage owner can click Complete Triage.
Note: If the issue is out for review, the reviewer can also click Complete Triage to
complete the triage and create an actual issue.
The issue triage transitions to the Closed state and a link to the issue displays at the top of the
screen.
9.The issue can be analyzed using the usual issue management procedures.
One significant change on the Issue form is the addition of an Issue Triages related list.
Opening the triage record provides the analyst with the details of the triage that resulted in the
creation of this issue.
Remediate an issue in Policy and Compliance Management
After an issue has been identified, triaged, and investigated, you can remediate it.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance_admin, compliance_manager, sn_compliance.user,
sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
Note: Starting with Version 12.0.1, the minimum role for the Assigned to user on the
Remediation task form is GRC Business User [sn_grc.business_user]. The minimum role for
the sn_compliance.user is GRC User [sn_grc._user].
For more information on the access control limitations to remediation tasks, see GRC
business user role to control access and track usage of compliance tables.
About this task
Remediating an issue marks an intention to fix the underlying issue causing the control failure or
risk exposure. Accepting an issue marks an intention to create an exception for a known control
failure or risk. Controls that are Accepted remain in a non-compliant state until the control is
reassessed. In this way, the issue can be used to document observations during audits.
Procedure
1.Open the issue you want to remediate.
2. Select the Remediation Tasks tab.
Note: You have two options for creating a remediation task:
◦Select Suggested Remediation Tasks and select Copy to use an existing task as a
basis for creating this task. A copy of the selected remediation task is created with
certain information from that task copied to the new task. You can manually complete
the other fields.
◦Selecting New and manually creating the task.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Remediation task form
Field Description
Number Unique identification number.
Assigned to Select the user responsible for working this task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1787
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique identification number. |


*Note: Pages 80–90 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
