# Manage controls

*Pages 104–111 of source PDF*


---
*Page 104*

•Import data from the UCF Shared list. To download a UCF shared list, see Download a UCF
shared list.
•Run the UCF citation deduplication issue fix on-demand job if you don’t want
to import UCF again. This job eliminates the duplicate citations and fixes the parent–child
relationship by appending the child citations of the inactive parent citation to the active parent.
1.To run the on-demand job, navigate to All > System Definition > Scheduled jobs.
2. Select UCF citation deduplication issue fix and click Execute Now.
After the fix:
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Citations
2. Select Group By and right-click the list controls icon.
3. Select Reference in the list.
You can view citations with unique Reference ID, unique Description, and each citation
belongs to a different AO. In the Active column, the active citation is true, and the duplicate
citations are marked as false. Select and open one of the citation record, all control objectives
are grouped in the Control objectives related list, and its child citations in the Citations related
list.
Note: Citations are considered as duplicate only when their Reference ID, Authority
document, Description are the same. Even if one of these conditions isn’t fulfilled, then
they’re considered as two different citations and not as duplicate.
Manage controls
Controls are specific implementations of a control objective. Retired controls do not appear in
the list. Before defining controls, take time to rationalize, consolidate, and define the important
controls in your organization.
Rationalize your controls
If you upload all your controls in bulk, you are missing the opportunity to refine and streamline
your controls set. As your business changes, and your IT data, processes, and technology
improve, replace outdated controls and procedures when you implement your GRC application.
Consider the following:
•How does this control affect my business objective?
•Is this control actually preventing or detecting risk?
•Is there a different control you can place that better protects your business?
•Is there a control you can put in place that reduces process overhead and improves IT
performance while also mitigating risk?
•Can a complicated control be replaced with a simpler more effective control?
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1801
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 105*

Note: When you define controls manually or when you import them from the Unified
Compliance Framework (UCF), an entity is associated with the controls. It is a mandatory
field on the Control form. If, however, you import controls from a source other than the
UCF, you may encounter controls that do not have associated entities. It is important that
you return to the Control form and add an entity to the control. Missing entities can cause
unreliable results in calculations. Also, if you encounter a control with an entity that has
been disabled, the control should be retired.
Consolidate your controls
Look for opportunities to consolidate controls. Look for common, repeated controls across
multiple regulatory authorities of frameworks (for example, SOX and GLBA and AML). Avoid
operating a single control multiple times for each regulation, by cross-mapping controls and
eliminating the redundant ones. This process establishes a single consolidated set of controls =
control framework, performing and preserving the cross mapping of controls is critical for audits.
Define controls and business rules
The business rules you define up front, establish the GRC configuration settings later. Be
prepared to:
•Identify controls and control owners
•Define control tests and expected results
•Establish test and control frequencies
•Identify risks: impact and likelihood
•Prepare attestations, assessments, questionnaires, and required evidence
•Compose likely use-cases (who needs to interact with or view the contents of the GRC system
and for what purposes)
•Map authoritative sources to policies, to procedures, to controls, and to risks
Entity Based Access (EBA)
The Entity Based Access feature provides a framework for more granular approach to
management of data access to objects associated with an entity. Administrators can grant
access to an entity's related records by adding users or user groups, or by using entity user fields
for entity-based access configuration. For more information, see Entity Based Access.
When a user is qualified based on these configurations and has the minimum required roles,
they will have access to the following tables:
•Control
•Attestation
•Policy exception to control
Entity Based Access (EBA) rules
When entity based record access rules are enabled on the Entity Based Access Configuration
Properties page, any newly created controls, control attestations, indicators, and indicator
tasks associated with a configured entity will automatically inherit the entity-based access (EBA)
value from that entity. Previously, users had to run bulk access updates to apply EBA restrictions
whenever new objects were created.
For more information, see Entity based record access rules to secure new records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1802
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 106*

Create a control
Controls are automatically generated when you associate a policy with an entity type or an entity
type with a control objective. A control is created for each entity listed in the entity type for the
control objective. Controls can also be manually created.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Controls > All Controls.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Control form
Field Description
Name Name of the control.
Number Unique identification number.
Entity Related entity.
Note: If you change the state of the entity to Active from Retired state,
then the manually created control on the entity also moves to the Draft
state.
Inherit from Option to indicate whether the control is created through item generation
control process. For more information, see Multiple controls for a unique entity–
objective control objective combination.
Control Related control objective.
Objective
Owning Group that owns the policy.
group
Owner User that owns the policy.
Note: The owner is always added as a respondent. The control owner
that you select belongs to the owning group.
Key control Indicator that the control is a key control.
Weighting Value used to calculate the control score effectiveness. Based on the control
weighting, in the control score effectiveness value is calculated
Status Control status. Possible choices are:
◦Compliant
◦Non-compliant
◦Not applicable
State Control state. Possible choices are:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1803
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the control. |
| Number | Unique identification number. |
| Entity | Related entity. Note: If you change the state of the entity to Active from Retired state, then the manually created control on the entity also moves to the Draft state. |
| Inherit from control objective | Option to indicate whether the control is created through item generation process. For more information, see Multiple controls for a unique entity– control objective combination. |
| Control Objective | Related control objective. |
| Owning group | Group that owns the policy. |
| Owner | User that owns the policy. Note: The owner is always added as a respondent. The control owner that you select belongs to the owning group. |
| Key control | Indicator that the control is a key control. |
| Weighting | Value used to calculate the control score effectiveness. Based on the control weighting, in the control score effectiveness value is calculated |
| Status | Control status. Possible choices are: ◦Compliant ◦Non-compliant ◦Not applicable |


---
*Page 107*

Field Description
◦Draft In this state, all compliance users can modify the control. Only
available when creating a one-off control. One-off controls are possible but
not recommended.
◦Attest When the control is created from a control objective, controls are in
this state.
Note: When a control is set back to draft, the attestation is canceled.
◦Review Controls are automatically moved to review from the attestation
phase.
◦Monitor In this state, all compliance managers can move the control from
review to monitor.
◦Retired Compliance managers or administrators can move a control from
Monitor to Retired.
Note: When a control is retired:
▪Associated indicators do not run
▪Associated attestations are canceled
▪Changes to associated control objectives do not update the control
Exempt Mark the control as exempted.
Enforcement List of options:
◦Mandated
◦Voluntary
Category List of options:
◦Acquisition or sale of facilities, technology, and services
◦Audits and risk management
◦Compliance and Governance Manual of Style
◦Human Resources management
◦Leadership and high-level objectives
◦Monitoring and measurement
◦Operational management
◦Physical and environmental protection
◦Privacy protection for information and data
◦Records management
◦System hardening through configuration management
◦Systems continuity
◦Systems design, build, and implementation
◦Technical security
◦Third Party and supply chain oversight
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1804
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Draft In this state, all compliance users can modify the control. Only available when creating a one-off control. One-off controls are possible but not recommended. ◦Attest When the control is created from a control objective, controls are in this state. Note: When a control is set back to draft, the attestation is canceled. ◦Review Controls are automatically moved to review from the attestation phase. ◦Monitor In this state, all compliance managers can move the control from review to monitor. ◦Retired Compliance managers or administrators can move a control from Monitor to Retired. Note: When a control is retired: ▪Associated indicators do not run ▪Associated attestations are canceled ▪Changes to associated control objectives do not update the control |
| Exempt | Mark the control as exempted. |
| Enforcement | List of options: ◦Mandated ◦Voluntary |


---
*Page 108*

Field Description
◦Root
◦Deprecated
Type List of options:
◦Acquisition/Sale of Assets or Services
◦Actionable Reports or Measurements
◦Audits and Risk Management
◦Behavior
◦Business Processes
◦Communicate
◦Configuration
◦Data and Information Management
◦Duplicate
◦Establish Roles
◦Establish/Maintain Documentation
◦Human Resources Management
◦Investigate
◦IT Impact Zone
◦Log Management
◦Maintenance
◦Monitor and Evaluate Occurrences
◦Physical and Environmental Protection
◦Process or Activity
◦Records Management
◦Systems Continuity
◦Systems Design, Build, and Implementation
◦Technical Security
◦Testing
◦Training
Classification List of options:
◦Preventive
◦Corrective
◦Detective
◦IT Impact Zone
Frequency Frequency at which the control is tested. This field is for the control's testing
and reporting purpose.
List of options:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1805
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Root ◦Deprecated |
| Type | List of options: ◦Acquisition/Sale of Assets or Services ◦Actionable Reports or Measurements ◦Audits and Risk Management ◦Behavior ◦Business Processes ◦Communicate ◦Configuration ◦Data and Information Management ◦Duplicate ◦Establish Roles ◦Establish/Maintain Documentation ◦Human Resources Management ◦Investigate ◦IT Impact Zone ◦Log Management ◦Maintenance ◦Monitor and Evaluate Occurrences ◦Physical and Environmental Protection ◦Process or Activity ◦Records Management ◦Systems Continuity ◦Systems Design, Build, and Implementation ◦Technical Security ◦Testing ◦Training |
| Classification | List of options: ◦Preventive ◦Corrective ◦Detective ◦IT Impact Zone |


---
*Page 109*

Field Description
◦Event Driven
◦Daily
◦Weekly
◦Monthly
◦Quarterly
◦Semi-Annually
◦Annually
Note: The Frequency field is intended for reporting purposes only and
defines how often the control is expected to be tested or executed. It
does not influence the attestation schedule. The Attestation Frequency
field, however, governs how often attestations are triggered for the
control. Attestations are initiated by the Control Nightly Attestation
scheduled job when the control is in Review or Monitor state. This
separation allows customers to track control testing independently from
attestation cycles.
Description Description of the control.
Additional Additional information about the control.
Information
Assignment
Owning Group that owns the control.
group
Owner User that owns the control.
Attestation
Attestation
Select from a list of options.
◦Other attestation types can be configured.
◦If this field is populated, then the Attestation Respondents field
automatically becomes mandatory, and the owner is made the respondent.
Note: If the user changes the attestation type in the control objective,
all the related controls are changed also.
Attestation
respondents
◦Users assigned to the attestation of this control.
◦Only a user with the sn_grc.user role can be added as a respondent.
Note: When both the Attestation and Attestation respondents fields
are set, attestations are created when you click Attest.
Attestation Frequency at which attestations on the control are triggered. If the field has
frequency no value selected, then the associated entity's Attestation frequency value
defaults to this field.
Option for attestation frequency.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1806
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Event Driven ◦Daily ◦Weekly ◦Monthly ◦Quarterly ◦Semi-Annually ◦Annually Note: The Frequency field is intended for reporting purposes only and defines how often the control is expected to be tested or executed. It does not influence the attestation schedule. The Attestation Frequency field, however, governs how often attestations are triggered for the control. Attestations are initiated by the Control Nightly Attestation scheduled job when the control is in Review or Monitor state. This separation allows customers to track control testing independently from attestation cycles. |
| Description | Description of the control. |
| Additional Information | Additional information about the control. |
| Assignment |  |
| Owning group | Group that owns the control. |
| Owner | User that owns the control. |
| Attestation |  |
| Attestation | Select from a list of options. ◦Other attestation types can be configured. ◦If this field is populated, then the Attestation Respondents field automatically becomes mandatory, and the owner is made the respondent. Note: If the user changes the attestation type in the control objective, all the related controls are changed also. |
| Attestation respondents | ◦Users assigned to the attestation of this control. ◦Only a user with the sn_grc.user role can be added as a respondent. Note: When both the Attestation and Attestation respondents fields are set, attestations are created when you click Attest. |


---
*Page 110*

Field Description
◦Daily
◦Weekly
◦Monthly
◦Quarterly
◦Semi-Annually
◦Annually
Note: After the attestation is complete, the control moves to Review
and Monitor states. The control is then monitored for its next due date
of attestation. You have the option to trigger the control's attestation
frequency based on the attestation's Created date or the last completed
attestation's Updated date. This option is based on the value in
Trigger control attestations based on the created
or updated date of the last completed attestation
system property.
Activity Journal
Additional Public information about the control.
comments
Access Settings
Entity based When Entity based access restriction is enabled, only users or user groups
access included in the access configuration for the entities associated with this
restriction control can access it.
4.Select Copy entity frequency related link to copy the value of the Attestation frequency field
of the entity to the Attestation frequency field of the control.
When you select the Copy entity frequency related link, the respective entity’s attestation
frequency gets copied to the Attestation frequency field in the Attestation section of the
control table, and does not update the Frequency field of the control table.
5. Click Submit.
What to do next
After you create a control, you can convert the control to a common control and add reliant
entities and reliant entity types to it. For more information, see Testing common control and
implementing results on multiple reliant entities.
Follow a control
Connect integrates with Policy and Compliance Management providing an overlay to the
standard interface, allowing users to participate in conversations while they work and collaborate
on the control record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.user or sn_compliance.reader
For more information about Connect, see Connect .
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Controls > All Controls.
2. Open the control record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1807
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Daily ◦Weekly ◦Monthly ◦Quarterly ◦Semi-Annually ◦Annually Note: After the attestation is complete, the control moves to Review and Monitor states. The control is then monitored for its next due date of attestation. You have the option to trigger the control's attestation frequency based on the attestation's Created date or the last completed attestation's Updated date. This option is based on the value in Trigger control attestations based on the created or updated date of the last completed attestation system property. |
| Activity Journal |  |
| Additional comments | Public information about the control. |
| Access Settings |  |
| Entity based access restriction | When Entity based access restriction is enabled, only users or user groups included in the access configuration for the entities associated with this control can access it. |


---
*Page 111*

3. Click Follow > Following and select one of the options from the drop-down.
Option Action
To add the Connect sidebar Click Open Connect mini.
To add the Connect full-screen view Click Open Connect Full.
Attest a control
Attestations are surveys that gather evidence to prove that a control is implemented. If the
control attestation and respondents fields are selected, when the control moves from the Draft
state to the Attest state, a notification is sent to the attestation respondents.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
Users can create multiple attestation types and set their control objectives to different
attestations. A sample attestation called GRC Attestation is also provided as the default
attestation.
About this task
When controls are attested, a new questionnaire is created. As a result, attestations do not
appear in the Self-Service > My assessments & surveys module. Hundreds of GRC assessment
records could be generated at once and should be separated from other assessments in a
separate list view.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Controls > My Attestations.
2. Open the attestation and review the details.
Option Description
a.Reassign the attestation to another user in
the Assigned to field.
b.Click Update and close the record.
If you are unable to answer the questions
Note: Only a user with the sn_grc.user
role can be re-assigned the attestation.
The list of attestations refreshes when you re­
assign an attestation to another user.
a.Click Take attestation.
b.Answer the questions and attach informa­
tion, as required.
If you are able to answer the questions
c.Click Submit.
The list of attestations refreshes when you
close the Take Assessment pop-up window.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1808
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


*Note: Pages 104–111 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
