# Managing GRC tasks from Employee Center

*Pages 144–153 of source PDF*


---
*Page 144*

Tables that can display the Related Evidence related list
Table name Type of related evidence displayed
Authority document Evidence request tasks created on the
citations mapped to this authority document.
Citation Evidence request tasks created on the control
objective associated to the citation.
Control Evidence request tasks created on the control
test mapped to the control and Issues created
for the control.
Control objective Evidence request tasks created on the
controls associated to the control objective.
Control test Evidence request tasks created on the
controls associated to the control test.
Engagement Evidence request tasks created on the
entities, controls, control tests, audit tasks,
control test issues, and issues mapped to the
engagement are displayed.
Entity Evidence request tasks created on the
controls associated to the entity, Issues
created on the entity.
Policy Evidence request tasks created on the control
objective associated to the policy.
Procedure
1.Navigate to the form for which you want to display the Evidence Request related list.
2. Right-click in the form header, and click Configure > Related Lists.
3. Locate the Related Evidence item in the Available box and move it to the Selected box.
4.Click Save.
Managing GRC tasks from Employee Center
Employee Center is designed for enterprise services based on employee needs. The employee
center is also called as Business user service portal as the portal is exclusively for GRC business
users to request an issue triage or raise a policy exception.
You can use Risk and Compliance section of the Employee Center to manage some of the
common compliance tasks like triage issues, raise policy exceptions, and GRC assessments.
You can view all the tasks that are assigned to you if you login as a user with GRC business user
role.
Note: You can respond to policy acknowledgement and request a policy
exception from the Employee Center portal with the employee operator role
(sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employee).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1841
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table name | Type of related evidence displayed |
| --- | --- |
| Authority document | Evidence request tasks created on the citations mapped to this authority document. |
| Citation | Evidence request tasks created on the control objective associated to the citation. |
| Control | Evidence request tasks created on the control test mapped to the control and Issues created for the control. |
| Control objective | Evidence request tasks created on the controls associated to the control objective. |
| Control test | Evidence request tasks created on the controls associated to the control test. |
| Engagement | Evidence request tasks created on the entities, controls, control tests, audit tasks, control test issues, and issues mapped to the engagement are displayed. |
| Entity | Evidence request tasks created on the controls associated to the entity, Issues created on the entity. |
| Policy | Evidence request tasks created on the control objective associated to the policy. |


---
*Page 145*

GRC compliance tasks from Employee Center
Related topics
Report a GRC issue from Employee Center
Create a policy exception from Employee Center
Complete control assessments from the Employee Center portal
Policy knowledge base and quick links in the Employee Center portal
Group similar assessments in Employee Center
Report a GRC issue from Employee Center
Use the employee portal to review and work on the action plan related to the observation which
is confirmed as an issue that as an auditee or issue owner you need to remediate.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user
Note: If you have installed GRC: Advanced Core, then by default the value of the
sn_grc_advanced.enable_my_issues_hide_my_reported_issues system
property is also set to true. These two conditions must be fulfilled to view the Issue triage
form in Employee Center. Otherwise, you can view only the Issue form.
About this task
Use the Report Issue form to report an issue based on a control breakdown, missing policy, or an
event that is non-compliant to a policy, standard, guideline, or regulation. You can also use this
form to suggest an improvement or to report a risk event.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select the Browse all Risk & Compliance section.
3. Select the Report Issue catalog item.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Report Issue form
Field Description
What is the issue? Brief description about the issue.
Describe in detail Detailed description of the issue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1842
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| What is the issue? | Brief description about the issue. |
| Describe in detail | Detailed description of the issue. |


---
*Page 146*

Field Description
When did you discover the issue? Date the issue was identified.
What is the issue related to? Entity to which the issue is related.
What was affected? Record details of the entity that you selected.
The options in this field depend on the entity
that you select in the previous field.
What type of issue is this? Type of issue.
Other Option to select if you do not find the correct
category of entity to which your issue is
related.
Following four fields appear if you select the
Other option.
Has the incident already occurred? Indicate whether the incident has occurred
before.
Was there a monetary loss? Monetary loss associated to the issue.
Currency Currency in which the loss is estimated.
If there was a monetary loss, then this field
appears.
What is the expected monetary loss? Estimated monetary loss as a result of the
issue.
Select the impact rating Non-monetary impact of the issue. The
choices are as follows:
◦Low
◦Medium
◦High
How was the event discovered? Source through which the issue was
identified.
What actions have you taken so far to contain Brief description of the action taken to
or remediate the issue? remediate the issue.
What do you believe to be the root cause of Analysis of the root cause of the issue.
this issue?
5. Select Submit.
You are directed to the My Request summary page where you can view your issue triage
request number. This page is read-only and you can view all your requests that you have raised
as a business user.
6.Post a message in the Activity field to prioritize your issue when it is being triaged.
7.Select the Attachments tab to attach any document related to the issue.
8.Click My Requests link at the top right corner to view all the requests that includes your issues
and issue triage.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1843
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| When did you discover the issue? | Date the issue was identified. |
| What is the issue related to? | Entity to which the issue is related. |
| What was affected? | Record details of the entity that you selected. The options in this field depend on the entity that you select in the previous field. |
| What type of issue is this? | Type of issue. |
| Other | Option to select if you do not find the correct category of entity to which your issue is related. Following four fields appear if you select the Other option. |
| Has the incident already occurred? | Indicate whether the incident has occurred before. |
| Was there a monetary loss? | Monetary loss associated to the issue. |
| Currency | Currency in which the loss is estimated. If there was a monetary loss, then this field appears. |
| What is the expected monetary loss? | Estimated monetary loss as a result of the issue. |
| Select the impact rating | Non-monetary impact of the issue. The choices are as follows: ◦Low ◦Medium ◦High |
| How was the event discovered? | Source through which the issue was identified. |
| What actions have you taken so far to contain or remediate the issue? | Brief description of the action taken to remediate the issue. |
| What do you believe to be the root cause of this issue? | Analysis of the root cause of the issue. |


---
*Page 147*

My Requests page
9.Click the issue triage request number, which has a prefix IST, to view messages, if any, from the
approver.
The issue triage list view header displays the name of the person who opened the issue triage,
issue type, substate, triage owner, and its priority.
10.To send additional information on the issue triage to the triage owner, click the Actions list.
11. Enter your information in the Comments field of the Send additional information pop-up.
12. Click the Send button.
Create a policy exception from Employee Center
Use the Employee Center to request exceptions for policies, control objectives, controls, or
issues by specifying the reason of exception on a particular list of the systems, applications,
networks, or entities for which the exception applies.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite, sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employee
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1844
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 148*

Procedure
1.Navigate to Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select the Browse all Risk & Compliance section.
3. Select the Policy Exception catalog item.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Policy Exception form
Field Description
What is the exception for? Type of policy exception that you want to
create. The options are:
◦Policy: Create a policy exception based on
a policy.
◦Control objective: Default is a single control
objective on which the policy exception is
created.
◦Controls: Option to create a policy
exception on multiple controls.
◦Issue: Option to create a policy exception
on an issue.
Policy Policy associated with this policy exception.
Control objective Control objective associated with this policy
exception.
When you select a control objective,
theImpacted controls field appears.
Control Select Control to associate multiple controls
from different control objectives. This option
supports multiple controls objectives for your
policy exception, instead of creating multiple
policy exceptions that could be applied on
multiple controls.
Issue Issue associated with this policy exception.
Impacted controls Controls associated to the control objective.
Short description Brief description about the policy exception
request.
Description Detailed description of the policy exception
request.
Reason Reason for the exception
Justification Evidence or rationale for the policy exception.
Risk description Description of the risk as performed by the
risk manager during risk assessment.
Valid from Day on which the policy exception begins.
Valid to Day on which the policy exception ends.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1845
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| What is the exception for? | Type of policy exception that you want to create. The options are: ◦Policy: Create a policy exception based on a policy. ◦Control objective: Default is a single control objective on which the policy exception is created. ◦Controls: Option to create a policy exception on multiple controls. ◦Issue: Option to create a policy exception on an issue. |
| Policy | Policy associated with this policy exception. |
| Control objective | Control objective associated with this policy exception. When you select a control objective, theImpacted controls field appears. |
| Control | Select Control to associate multiple controls from different control objectives. This option supports multiple controls objectives for your policy exception, instead of creating multiple policy exceptions that could be applied on multiple controls. |
| Issue | Issue associated with this policy exception. |
| Impacted controls | Controls associated to the control objective. |
| Short description | Brief description about the policy exception request. |
| Description | Detailed description of the policy exception request. |
| Reason | Reason for the exception |
| Justification | Evidence or rationale for the policy exception. |
| Risk description | Description of the risk as performed by the risk manager during risk assessment. |
| Valid from | Day on which the policy exception begins. |
| Valid to | Day on which the policy exception ends. |


---
*Page 149*

Field Description
Priority Approval priority of this policy exception.
Watch list Users that are notified when the request is
updated.
5. Click Submit.
You are directed to the My Request page where you can view your policy exception number
for the submitted policy exception request. This page is read-only and you can view all your
requests that you have raised as a business user.
6.Post a message to support the policy exception in the Activity field.
7.To attach a document related to the policy exception, select the Attachments tab.
8.Click My Requests link at the top right corner to view a list of all your requests that includes
your issues and policy exceptions.
The list shows 15 requests at a time. Click Show More Requests for more requests to be listed.
9.Select Request Approval from the Actions list if the request is in Analyze state.
If you raise a policy exception from Employee Center and if verification rules are not
configured, then the policy exception moves to the Analyze state. However, if verification rules
are configured for the policy exception, then the policy exception moves to the New state and
the verification approval process is triggered. As verification rules are configured the approver
is required to verify the policy exception and approve it, only then the policy exception moves
to Analyze state.
Request approval for a policy exception
10.After the policy exception is approved, you can request extension of your policy exception,
select Request extension from the Actions list.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1846
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Priority | Approval priority of this policy exception. |
| Watch list | Users that are notified when the request is updated. |


---
*Page 150*

a.Enter the new extension date that is later than the current Valid to date.
By default, you cannot extend your policy for more than 30 days from the Valid from date.
However, the extension can be relaxed based on the maximum exception duration days of
the policy.
b.Select a reason for extension from the list in the Extension reason field.
c.Enter a justification for the extension.
d. Click Request.
The number of remaining extensions that you can avail to request is displayed as Remaining
extensions.
Complete control assessments from the Employee Center portal
Use the Employee Center Home page to view all your requests, raise issue requests and policy
exceptions, and complete all your GRC assessments.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
About this task
You can manage all your pending tasks that are open by selecting the GRC tasks link. By default,
you can view all the Indicator tasks that are assigned to you and in Open state. To view the
indicator tasks in other states, select the filter icon next to the State column.
From this page, you can navigate to manage all your active items that include all GRC
assessments, such as Control attestations, Risk assessments, Risk identification questionnaires,
and Privacy assessments.
Note:
The Risk identification questionnaires tile is available only if GRC: Advanced Core plugin
is installed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select My GRC Assessments in the My active items pane of the Home page.
3. Select Show More Requests to display more requests.
4.Select the control attestation item in the list that you want to attest.
The header displays the control objective, an entity that the control attestation belongs to, and
its description.
5. Select the Get Started button.
6.Complete the attestation, providing an attachment and explanation, and select Submit.
Policy knowledge base and quick links in the Employee Center portal
You can view all the Knowledge base (KB) articles related to the published policies in Employee
Center.
Selecting the Policies option in the Risk & Compliance section takes you to the Policies page,
where you can view all the Knowledge base (KB) articles that haven’t expired yet.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1847
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 151*

Note: You can view all KBs even if the Valid to date is passed. However, when the policy
retires, the corresponding KB will also retire, and such KBs will not appear.
Policies topic in Employee Center
The admin executes the scheduled job, Pull the knowledge base articles
related to policies, on demand to pull all the KB articles of the published policies and
list them in the Policies topic. The KBs of the published policies are listed in the policies page
only when the scheduled job is run. Users with the business user or business user lite roles do
have read access to the published KBs.
Access Quick links to the respective forms to create and accomplish your respective tasks. For
example, to create an issue, select Report Issue link, enter the issue details, and submit it. Similar
links are listed for quick access to report events and raise exceptions on policies with respect to
Risk and Policy and Compliance, respectively.
View KBs in Employee Center
Group similar assessments in Employee Center
Group the assessments that have the same entity or control objective based on metric type,
and additionally the same entity, control objective, or category to provide response to similar
assessments.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1848
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 152*

About this task
In Configurable Workspace, you can only group control attestations, and not risk assessments,
vendor assessments, or privacy assessments. Such assessments and those assessments that
can't be grouped by the selected Group by criterion are marked as invalid and are displayed in
the Group previews of the Group assessment pop-up, with a link to view such assessments.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select GRC tasks in the My active items pane of the Home page.
3. Select the Tasks icon on the left pane.
4.Select the attestation records in the list view of the Tasks page that you'd like to group.
Note: You must select at least two and can select up to a maximum of 13 assessment
records for grouping.
5. Select the Group assessments button.
6.Select a Response type in the Group assessments pop-up.
For more information on the response types, see Group attestations using Same Response.
7.Select a criterion to group the assessments in the Group by list.
By default, assessments are grouped by the metric type template. You can group the
assessments by Category, Entity, or Control objective. If the selected assessments have a
common category, entity, or control objective then they're grouped accordingly based on your
selection. However, if the assessments selected do t have any of the common criteria by which
they can be grouped, then the assessments are not grouped at all.
The Group previews section displays the grouping details, assessments with links, and an
appropriate message information if they're grouped or can't be grouped based on the Group
by criterion, status, assignee, or the evaluation method of the metric type.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1849
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 153*

8.Select the Group button.
If the grouping of assessments is successful, then you get a message indicating that the
assessment group has been created, followed by a link to the grouped assessments.
If a few of the assessments among the selected assessments couldn’t be grouped by the
selected criterion, then the Group previews pane displays the number of assessments that
couldn’t be grouped. Nevertheless, as there are other assessments in your selection that could
be grouped by the selected Group by criterion, the Group button is active for you to select and
group the rest, where the grouping is successful.
On the other hand, if all the assessments that you selected are invalid, for example, risk
assessments or privacy assessments, then the Group button is inactive as grouping isn't
possible for such assessments.
Note: You can group the assessments that are in Ready to take or In Progress state, but
not the assessments that are in Complete or Canceled state.
If the status of a record that you’ve selected for grouping has changed and is being assessed
before you select the Group button to group the assessments, then such a record can't be
grouped.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1850
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


*Note: Pages 144–153 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
