# Policy knowledge base and quick links in the Employee Center portal

*Pages 150–150 of source PDF*


---
*Page 150*

a.Enter the new extension date that is later than the current Valid to date.
By default, you cannot extend your policy for more than 30 days from the Valid from date.
However, the extension can be relaxed based on the maximum exception duration days of
the policy.
b.Select a reason for extension from the list in the Extension reason field.
c.Enter a justification for the extension.
d. Click Request.
The number of remaining extensions that you can avail to request is displayed as Remaining
extensions.
Complete control assessments from the Employee Center portal
Use the Employee Center Home page to view all your requests, raise issue requests and policy
exceptions, and complete all your GRC assessments.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user, sn_grc.business_user_lite
About this task
You can manage all your pending tasks that are open by selecting the GRC tasks link. By default,
you can view all the Indicator tasks that are assigned to you and in Open state. To view the
indicator tasks in other states, select the filter icon next to the State column.
From this page, you can navigate to manage all your active items that include all GRC
assessments, such as Control attestations, Risk assessments, Risk identification questionnaires,
and Privacy assessments.
Note:
The Risk identification questionnaires tile is available only if GRC: Advanced Core plugin
is installed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select My GRC Assessments in the My active items pane of the Home page.
3. Select Show More Requests to display more requests.
4.Select the control attestation item in the list that you want to attest.
The header displays the control objective, an entity that the control attestation belongs to, and
its description.
5. Select the Get Started button.
6.Complete the attestation, providing an attachment and explanation, and select Submit.
Policy knowledge base and quick links in the Employee Center portal
You can view all the Knowledge base (KB) articles related to the published policies in Employee
Center.
Selecting the Policies option in the Risk & Compliance section takes you to the Policies page,
where you can view all the Knowledge base (KB) articles that haven’t expired yet.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1847
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
