# View the history of a redlining-enabled policy

*Pages 295–295 of source PDF*


---
*Page 295*

Activity Description
Note: Starting with the Xanadu release
you can also generate accessible PDFs.
In order to generate an accessible
PDF you must set the property
com.snc.document.conversion.accessibility_enabled
to true. To enable the property, see
Enable accessibility features for DOCX
to PDF conversion .
Review Publishing settings Refresh the browser after completing this
step. Update the policy Knowledge base and
the Policy template fields if necessary, and
mark the step as complete.
The Complete publishing checklist button is no longer available.
6.To view your attachments, select in the right panel.
7.Select the Request approval button to request approval for the policy.
8.Select Approvers in the Request approval pop-up.
9.Select Request.
The policy moves to the Awaiting approval state.
The policy approver can view the policy by navigating to the Approvals related list of the policy.
Based on the approver's action, the policy either gets approved or rejected. If rejected, the
policy moves back to the Draft state.
10.To edit a published policy, select the Edit policy button.
View the history of a redlining-enabled policy
Use the policy history related list to track the modifications made to the policy document.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst; mp_document_user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. In the Compliance Workspace, select the List icon ( ).
3. Navigate to Compliance library > My policies.
You can create a new policy or open a record to enable the redlining feature.
4.Select a policy to open.
If the policy is already published and requires a review, then reopen the policy for the review
and approval processes.
5. To update the published policy, select the Edit policy button.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1992
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Activity | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: Starting with the Xanadu release you can also generate accessible PDFs. In order to generate an accessible PDF you must set the property com.snc.document.conversion. to true. To enable the property, see Enable accessibility features for DOCX to PDF conversion . | Note: Starting with the Xanadu release you can also generate accessible PDFs. In order to generate an accessible PDF you must set the property com.snc.document.conversion. to true. To enable the property, see Enable accessibility features for DOCX to PDF conversion . |
| Review Publishing settings | Refresh the browser after completing this step. Update the policy Knowledge base and the Policy template fields if necessary, and mark the step as complete. |  |

| to PDF conversion |  |
| --- | --- |
