# Set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy record

*Pages 296–304 of source PDF*


---
*Page 296*

a.Enter a reason for updating the policy in the Reason for edit field of the Edit policy pop-up.
b.Select the Edit button.
Edit policy action moves the policy back to the Draft state and opens it for yet another round
of review and approval processes. When this cycle is complete and the policy is published,
another record is created in the policy history.
6.Select the Policy history related list.
The history of the policy document with the basic information such as the name of the policy,
reason for change, policy owner, the latest version of the policy text as an attachment, the
validity period of the document, the approvers, reviewers, and contributors of the document
are added when the policy is created. However, the Knowledge Base article is created only
after the policy is published. So is the Approved on field updated when the approvers approve
and the policy is published.
The records are added and are maintained in the policy history list whenever there’s a change
made to the policy and reviewed, approved, and republished.
Policy history related list
You can view the entire history of the corrections and modifications made to the policy
document from the time it was created. Update the policy document periodically to keep the
policies current and up to date with the changing business processes. Maintaining a history of
the policy document helps organizations track the next review cycle according to the changing
business needs.
Set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy record
A policy is a set of guidelines and rules established by a business organization to govern its
operations. Creating an approval configuration record for a policy enables you to define one or
more approval levels and approval rules based on various dynamic conditions.
Beginning with the Australia release, you can set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy
record. The policy table consists of the policy records that regulate the status of the policies.
Before implementing a policy, it goes through a review and approval process.
Setting up dynamic approval configuration on a policy record enables you to define multiple
levels of approvals based on various dynamic conditions such as policy type, state, and owner
that are related to the policy fields. When you set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy
record, the approvers for a policy are added dynamically to the policy record.
Limitations of adding the approvers manually
The existing approval configuration process uses the manual approach that has the following
limitations:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1993
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 297*

•The approval configuration process uses a single level of approval. If multiple levels of
approval are not used, it increases the possibility of introducing errors and oversights in the
approval process.
•The approvers for a policy cannot be changed based on dynamic or changing conditions of
the approval process.
•The approvers are added manually to the record. The process can be time consuming,
especially in large organizations or complex decision-making structures.
•Adding the approvers manually can lead to significant delays. Waiting to receive all approvals
can slow down the decision-making process and decrease productivity.
Benefits of dynamic approval configuration
Setting up dynamic approval configuration on a policy record offers the following benefits:
•Organizations often encounter dynamic and changing environments. Having the flexibility
to change the approvers allows the approval process to adapt to shifting circumstances. It
ensures that the most appropriate individuals are involved in the approval process at any given
time.
•For complex or high-stake decisions, configuring multiple levels of approvals enables the
reviewers to conduct a comprehensive review of relevant factors. It ensures that the decisions
are not rushed and that the potential impacts are carefully assessed for different scenarios.
•Changing the approvers dynamically can streamline the approval process and reduce the
administrative overhead, thereby saving time and resources.
Use cases for requesting multiple levels of approvals
Approval configuration can help create complex approval levels without manually adding
approvers for each policy. In some cases, a policy owner may want to conduct multiple levels of
approvals for a policy. For example, a policy is related to the HR domain. The compliance team,
legal team, and HR team want to review and approve it. The policy owner can assign the HR team
as Level 1 approvers of the policy.
When the HR team approves the policy, it is assigned to the Compliance team for Level 2
approval. It is then assigned to the legal team for Level 3 approval of the policy. Also, the policy
owner may want to select the approvers dynamically based on certain rules that match with the
policy.
This use case highlights the importance of integrating dynamic approval configuration with a
policy and configuring the policy approval rules with Approval Configurator.
Approval configurator
To use the approval configuration, the approval method on the policy should be selected as Use
approval rule as shown in the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1994
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 298*

Approval configuration should be created for the policy and valid approval rules should be
configured for the users.
Use the Policy Approval Rules module to configure the approval rules.
Configuring policy approval rules using Approval Configurator
You can set up various approval rules using the Approval Configurator:
•Set up multi-level approval rules based on dynamic conditions.
•Send approvals to a user or a group of users selected from a field from the source record or
select the user or groups manually.
•Set up only one approval or all approvals as required approvals.
To set up approval configuration on a record, see the following sections.
1.To set up an approval configuration record, see Set up an approval configuration record.
2. To assign an approval level for the approval configuration record, see Assign an approval level
for the approval configuration record.
3. To set up an approval rule for the approval level in the approval configuration record, see Set
up an approval rule for the approval level.
Note:
For more information on the roles in the GRC: Approver Configurator application, see Roles
installed with GRC: Approver Configurator.
Roles required for creating policy approval rules
To create the policy approval rules, the following roles are required:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1995
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 299*

•A user with the sn_compliance.manager role can create policy approval rules with the
sn_grc_appr.admin role.
•Users with the sn_grc.business_user and sn_grc.business_user_lite and above roles can view
a policy.
•A user should have mp_document_user with either the sn_grc.business_user or
sn_grc.business_user_lite role to access the document when redlining is enabled.
Workflow for setting up approval configuration
When you set up approval configuration on a policy record, the workflow contains the following
steps.
1.When an approval is requested for a policy record, the state of the policy changes to the
Awaiting approval state.
2. If the approval method is selected as Use approvers, it uses the approvers mentioned in the
policy record.
3. If the approval method is selected as Use approval rule, it checks for a valid configuration
that suits the policy record. The dynamic approval configuration searches for the approval
configuration record that is related to the policy.
4.The dynamic approval configuration then retrieves the approvers from each approval level
record and sends an approval request for each level.
5. If a valid configuration is not found, an error message is displayed that there is no valid
configuration for the policy.
The workflow steps are shown in the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1996
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 300*

If you are the policy owner, you can select the approvers for the policy in the Approvers field of
the Policy form. The approvers are usually the users who have the Compliance User role. If you
do not have proper access, you cannot access the policy record. To request access to the policy
record, you must contact the Compliance Administrator.
Integrating dynamic approval configuration with a policy
To integrate dynamic approval configuration with a policy record, you can set up multiple
approval levels and for each level, you can set up the approval rules. Based on the approval
levels and rules setup, the approvals are triggered automatically. When one level is approved, the
policy record is submitted for the next level of approval.
The workflow for integrating dynamic approval configuration with a policy is shown in the
following example and steps.
•When an approval is requested for the policy, the state of the policy changes to the Awaiting
approval state.
•The dynamic approval configuration searches for the approval configuration record that is
suitable to the current policy.
•If dynamic approval configuration is not set up on a policy record or even though it is set up,
it is not applicable to that particular policy record, an error message is displayed that no valid
configuration is found for the policy record and the record gets aborted. Users have to go back
to your policy record and select the approvers or create a valid configuration for the policy
record.
•If dynamic approval configuration is set up, the approvers, approval levels, and rules are added
based on the configuration of the approval configuration record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1997
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 301*

The complete workflow is shown in the following example.
Components used for dynamic approval configuration
The following components are used for setting up the dynamic approval configuration on a
policy:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1998
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 302*

•The Policy approval rules module creates or checks the approval configurations with the
source table as policy.
•The Policy approval table stores the approvers of each level of the approval configuration. It
can be used for tracking the status of the approval levels.
•Based on the current level decision, the policy either gets forwarded to the next level of
approval or if it gets rejected, it is reset to the Draft state. If all levels are approved, the policy
moves to the Published state.
Policy dynamic approval setup
Set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy. Based on the configured approval levels, the
Policy and Compliance Management application configures one or more approval rules on the
policy record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager, sn_compliance.user
About this task
A user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager role can create dynamic
approval configuration and a user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_user role
has read permission for the policy record.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. In the Compliance Workspace, select the List icon.
3. Navigate to Compliance library > My policies and select New.
4.Enter the name of the policy.
5. In the Policy Assignment panel, update the Owner and Reviewers fields.
6.Select the approval method in the Approval method field.
Step Description
Option to select the approvers on the policy
Select approvers record. You can add the approvers in the Ap­
provers field.
Option to use the approval rule for dynamic
approval configuration. Based on the setup of
the approval configuration and configured ap­
Use approval rule proval levels, the system applies one or more
approval rules on the policy record. Once an
approval rule has been configured, that value
is populated in the Approval rule field.
For more information on creating a policy in the Compliance Workspace, see create a new
policy.
Note: If dynamic approval configuration is not set up on the policy record, the approvers
are added in the Approval field of the policy.
7.In the Schedule panel, update the date for the record in the Valid to field.
8.Select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1999
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 303*

9.Select Request approval.
The policy owner can request approval and complete the workflow on the policy record. For a
given approval configuration on the policy record, the system applies the configured approval
rules dynamically at each approval level. Once the Awaiting approval state is triggered and
the Use approval rule option is selected as the approval method, the field gets populated with
the details such as the configuration being used for the approvers.
If the policy gets rejected at any level, it is reset to the Draft state. When all levels are
approved, the policy moves to the Published state.
Policy dynamic approval setup with redlining
Set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy for which redlining is enabled.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager,
sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_user
About this task
A user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager role can create dynamic
approval configuration and a user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_user role
has read permission for the policy record.
To use dynamic approval for policy redlining, ensure that the redlining setup is done and
the users in the approver rule have required roles for document access. When redlining is
enabled, a user should have the mp_document_user role with either the sn_grc.business_user or
sn_grc.business_user_lite role to access the documents.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. In the Compliance Workspace, select the List icon.
3. Navigate to Compliance library > My policies and open a policy record.
You can create a new policy or open a policy record to enable the redlining feature.
4.Select the Policy text related list to view the contents of the policy text.
a.Select the Enable Word editing button.
b.To create a document as a policy owner, select Create new document in the Enable Word
editing list.
c.Enter the path to the Folder including the Folder name in the Folder link field in the Create a
document pop-up.
d. Enter the name of the document in the Document name field.
e. Select Create.
5. Select the Request review button.
6.Select Request.
7.Select the Complete publishing checklist button.
You can complete the tasks in the publishing checklist. For more information on redlining, see
Policy authoring and redlining in Compliance Workspace.
8.Select Save.
9.Select Request approval.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2000
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 304*

If an active dynamic approval configuration does not have any users associated with it, it is
not considered as a valid configuration. In such cases, selecting Request approval returns an
error message: Could not request approvals because matching approval
rule could not be found. Make sure to configure appropriate
approval rule for this policy here. To rectify the error, edit the configuration
and request approval again.
The Document access tab displays the revised list of the users who can access the policy as
described in the following example:
a.When the policy first moves to the Awaiting approval state, approval configuration is
applied on the policy record. If the policy has two levels of approval, the document access
is provided only to level 1 users by default. Group users of level 1 can get access through the
Request document access UI action.
b.Once level 1 users approve the policy, the document access is added for level 2 users. If any
user rejects the policy at level 1, it moves to the Draft state.
c.When the policy moves to the Awaiting approval state again, next level of approval
configuration (for example, approval configuration 2) is applied on the policy record. In this
case, all users that are common between the two levels and have access to the document,
can access the policy and the document access is removed for the rest of the users.
The Request document access UI action is visible to the users with the business user role and
business user lite role. If any user groups do not have these user roles, they cannot access the
document. The approvers have the view access or comment access in the approval state.
Note: In the approval rule, the access is given to the individual users only and not to the
group users. Giving access to many users in the group can lead to performance issues.
If you are a group user, you must select Request document access. The group users can log
in as one of the users in the group and select Request document access. The group users are
then granted the document access and a message is displayed: Doc access request
has been raised, please refresh or try to access document in a
few minutes.
In the approval configuration workflow, if an approver rejects the policy at any level, it moves
to the Draft state. The Document access tab in the form displays a list of the users who
have access to the policy with the roles and status displayed. Only level 1 users can access
and review the record. When level 1 users approve the record, then the document access is
provided to level 2 users, and so forth.
When all levels are approved, the policy moves to the Published state.
10.In the Policy text tab, select Open in Word.
The Word document opens up in the tab. In the Manage access tab of the document, you
can also view the users who have permissions to view the document. The configured policy
approval rule is displayed in the Approval rule field. The Approval levels related list displays
information on the approval levels, users, and status of the approval for the policy record.
If the policy gets rejected at any state, it is reset to the Draft state. Once the approvers approve
the policy, it moves to the Published state.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2001
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


*Note: Pages 296–304 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
