# Policy dynamic approval setup

*Pages 302–302 of source PDF*


---
*Page 302*

•The Policy approval rules module creates or checks the approval configurations with the
source table as policy.
•The Policy approval table stores the approvers of each level of the approval configuration. It
can be used for tracking the status of the approval levels.
•Based on the current level decision, the policy either gets forwarded to the next level of
approval or if it gets rejected, it is reset to the Draft state. If all levels are approved, the policy
moves to the Published state.
Policy dynamic approval setup
Set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy. Based on the configured approval levels, the
Policy and Compliance Management application configures one or more approval rules on the
policy record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.manager, sn_compliance.user
About this task
A user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager role can create dynamic
approval configuration and a user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_user role
has read permission for the policy record.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. In the Compliance Workspace, select the List icon.
3. Navigate to Compliance library > My policies and select New.
4.Enter the name of the policy.
5. In the Policy Assignment panel, update the Owner and Reviewers fields.
6.Select the approval method in the Approval method field.
Step Description
Option to select the approvers on the policy
Select approvers record. You can add the approvers in the Ap­
provers field.
Option to use the approval rule for dynamic
approval configuration. Based on the setup of
the approval configuration and configured ap­
Use approval rule proval levels, the system applies one or more
approval rules on the policy record. Once an
approval rule has been configured, that value
is populated in the Approval rule field.
For more information on creating a policy in the Compliance Workspace, see create a new
policy.
Note: If dynamic approval configuration is not set up on the policy record, the approvers
are added in the Approval field of the policy.
7.In the Schedule panel, update the date for the record in the Valid to field.
8.Select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 1999
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |
