# Policy dynamic approval setup with redlining

*Pages 303–304 of source PDF*


---
*Page 303*

9.Select Request approval.
The policy owner can request approval and complete the workflow on the policy record. For a
given approval configuration on the policy record, the system applies the configured approval
rules dynamically at each approval level. Once the Awaiting approval state is triggered and
the Use approval rule option is selected as the approval method, the field gets populated with
the details such as the configuration being used for the approvers.
If the policy gets rejected at any level, it is reset to the Draft state. When all levels are
approved, the policy moves to the Published state.
Policy dynamic approval setup with redlining
Set up dynamic approval configuration on a policy for which redlining is enabled.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager,
sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_user
About this task
A user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager role can create dynamic
approval configuration and a user with the sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_user role
has read permission for the policy record.
To use dynamic approval for policy redlining, ensure that the redlining setup is done and
the users in the approver rule have required roles for document access. When redlining is
enabled, a user should have the mp_document_user role with either the sn_grc.business_user or
sn_grc.business_user_lite role to access the documents.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance Workspace.
2. In the Compliance Workspace, select the List icon.
3. Navigate to Compliance library > My policies and open a policy record.
You can create a new policy or open a policy record to enable the redlining feature.
4.Select the Policy text related list to view the contents of the policy text.
a.Select the Enable Word editing button.
b.To create a document as a policy owner, select Create new document in the Enable Word
editing list.
c.Enter the path to the Folder including the Folder name in the Folder link field in the Create a
document pop-up.
d. Enter the name of the document in the Document name field.
e. Select Create.
5. Select the Request review button.
6.Select Request.
7.Select the Complete publishing checklist button.
You can complete the tasks in the publishing checklist. For more information on redlining, see
Policy authoring and redlining in Compliance Workspace.
8.Select Save.
9.Select Request approval.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2000
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 304*

If an active dynamic approval configuration does not have any users associated with it, it is
not considered as a valid configuration. In such cases, selecting Request approval returns an
error message: Could not request approvals because matching approval
rule could not be found. Make sure to configure appropriate
approval rule for this policy here. To rectify the error, edit the configuration
and request approval again.
The Document access tab displays the revised list of the users who can access the policy as
described in the following example:
a.When the policy first moves to the Awaiting approval state, approval configuration is
applied on the policy record. If the policy has two levels of approval, the document access
is provided only to level 1 users by default. Group users of level 1 can get access through the
Request document access UI action.
b.Once level 1 users approve the policy, the document access is added for level 2 users. If any
user rejects the policy at level 1, it moves to the Draft state.
c.When the policy moves to the Awaiting approval state again, next level of approval
configuration (for example, approval configuration 2) is applied on the policy record. In this
case, all users that are common between the two levels and have access to the document,
can access the policy and the document access is removed for the rest of the users.
The Request document access UI action is visible to the users with the business user role and
business user lite role. If any user groups do not have these user roles, they cannot access the
document. The approvers have the view access or comment access in the approval state.
Note: In the approval rule, the access is given to the individual users only and not to the
group users. Giving access to many users in the group can lead to performance issues.
If you are a group user, you must select Request document access. The group users can log
in as one of the users in the group and select Request document access. The group users are
then granted the document access and a message is displayed: Doc access request
has been raised, please refresh or try to access document in a
few minutes.
In the approval configuration workflow, if an approver rejects the policy at any level, it moves
to the Draft state. The Document access tab in the form displays a list of the users who
have access to the policy with the roles and status displayed. Only level 1 users can access
and review the record. When level 1 users approve the record, then the document access is
provided to level 2 users, and so forth.
When all levels are approved, the policy moves to the Published state.
10.In the Policy text tab, select Open in Word.
The Word document opens up in the tab. In the Manage access tab of the document, you
can also view the users who have permissions to view the document. The configured policy
approval rule is displayed in the Approval rule field. The Approval levels related list displays
information on the approval levels, users, and status of the approval for the policy record.
If the policy gets rejected at any state, it is reset to the Draft state. Once the approvers approve
the policy, it moves to the Published state.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2001
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
