# Configure compliance data source registry

*Pages 308–308 of source PDF*


---
*Page 308*

•Lower risks and reduced violations: Continuous monitoring of controls minimizes the
probability of violations.
•Visibility: Provides real-time visibility of compliance to stakeholders such as business, risk, and
compliance teams.
•Velocity: Increases the velocity of workflows as employees can request exceptions if there is
business need without impeding the completion of the workflow.
Configure compliance data source registry
Set up the Compliance Data Source Registry (CDSR) that provides the ability to associate
policies in other ServiceNow products with control objectives in Policy and Compliance to inform
an organization’s overall compliance stand, and to perform policy exceptions when required.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_compliance.admin
About this task
Based on the association, entities are generated for the associated assessed objects from
the target application table and controls are generated automatically. CDSR facilitates easy
integrations between GRC and other ServiceNow products such as DevOps, HR, SecOps,
and others to meet the customers’ compliance validation and management needs across the
enterprise.
Select the application table that is linked to the assessed object table. Establish a relationship
between an item in the application table and a control objective in a target table. To do this,
the items must first be configured and mapped to the control objective. Secondly, establish a
relationship between the target table and the entities in the entity table.
Incidentally, entities are people, processes, departments, applications, or objects that must be
measured for compliance against control objectives.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Compliance data source registry.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Compliance data source registry form
Field Description
Name Name of the item registry.
Application table Table of records associated to control
objective.
Related entity identification
Assessed object table Table in which controls are created.
Relationship to application table Relationship between the item table and the
target table. The choices are:
◦One to many: One record in the application
table is linked to multiple records in the
assessed object table, and one record in
the assessed object table is linked to only
one record in the application table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2005
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the item registry. |
| Application table | Table of records associated to control objective. |
| Related entity identification |  |
| Assessed object table | Table in which controls are created. |
