# Using the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator to display batch records and import tasks

*Pages 311–311 of source PDF*


---
*Page 311*

15.Click the Remove button.
When the PaCE policy is disassociated from the deployable instance, or when the PaCE
policy related to the control objective is removed, then all the entities and controls that were
generated earlier from this association are moved to Retired state. They are not deleted but
continue to exist in retired state.
16. To view the PaCE policy execution results on controls and engagements, click the DevOps
Config results related item by navigating to the control record.
GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator
The GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application provides a common framework so
that your content providers can push their content into the GRC applications. The application
also enables you to review, approve, and import the data into the Policy and Compliance
Management tables.
Starting in Australia, you can use the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application with the
GRC: integrations with third-party content application.
For more information on how to complete the data import process, see Workflow for GRC: Policy
and Compliance integrator and Using the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator to display
batch records and import tasks.
Workflow for GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator
You can install the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application from the ServiceNow Store
and execute the workflow to complete the data import process.
The GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application workflow consists of the following steps:
1.Download the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application from the ServiceNow
Store. When you download the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application, the GRC:
integrations with third-party content and Policy and Compliance Management applications are
automatically downloaded in your instance.
2. Log in with the sn_compliance.admin role into an instance and assign the sn_grc_cim.admin
role to a user.
3. Use the APIs and staging tables that are supported with the applications and move the data
from the staging tables into the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application.
For more information about how to integrate batch records and assign library import tasks with
the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application, see Using the GRC: Policy and
Compliance integrator to display batch records and import tasks, Content integration batch
table, and Assign a library import task for compliance approval.
Using the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator to display batch records and
import tasks
You can use the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application module to display the details
of the batch records and to import tasks. For example, you can see the content integration batch
records, library import tasks, staging records, and recommendations for the records.
You can access the All > Policy and compliance integrator > Content integrator in the
application UI. The module displays the following details that are shown in the following figure:
•Content integration batch
•Library import tasks
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2008
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
