# DevOps Accelerator plugin

*Pages 320–320 of source PDF*


---
*Page 320*

After the workflow is completed, the Compliance staging processor flow automatically updates
the status of the library import task to Completed.
Note:
If an error occurs in the processing of the flow, the Compliance staging processor flow
updates the state of the library import task to Completed with errors. This error can
happen due to one of the following reasons:
◦The taxonomy value mappings of the record are not found and the automap value of
the provider taxonomy configuration is false.
◦The parent of the record is ignored.
The record with the error is rejected by the Compliance staging processor flow.
When the status of the library import task is Completed, the import task summary and the
related links of the import sets are displayed only to the users with the import_transformer role
as shown in the following example. The import_transformer role is a global role.
Task completed and import_transformer role view summary
The import_transformer role view summary is not available to any other users of the GRC:
Policy and Compliance integrator application.
Result
The library import task is now in the Completed state and the content is imported into the Policy
and Compliance Management application.
DevOps Accelerator plugin
GRC: DevOps Accelerator is an application that enables your customers to evaluate the
compliance for DevOps policies and GRC control objectives integrating with Policy as a Code
Engine (PaCE).
Important: GRC DevOps Accelerator is now deprecated and no longer supported or
available for new activation. For details, see the Deprecation process [KB0867184] article
in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
GRC: DevOps Accelerator (com.sn_grc_devops) plugin maps the control objectives drawn from
regulations, standards, and frameworks, such as CIS controls, NIST 800-53, ISO 27002, PCI DSS,
and others with DevOps Policy as a Code Engine (PaCE). The DevOps policies are provided by
the DevOps Config Policy Content Pack.
With this integration you can evaluate the compliance status. The integration also enables the
DevOps managers to monitor control compliance, visualize evidence of PaCE execution, and
manage exceptions.
Pre-requisites for DevOps Accelerator
1.Hierarchy of PaCE-related plugins and CDM-related plugins.
2. DevOps Config Policy Content Pack provided by PaCE.
3. GRC plugins: GRC: Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator, GRC: Compliance UCF, and GRC:
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Deprecation process [KB0867184] |  |
| --- | --- |
