# Manage continuous monitoring for controls between Configuration Compliance and Policy and Compliance Management

*Pages 321–322 of source PDF*


---
*Page 321*

Note: GRC: DevOps Accelerator (com.sn_grc_devops) is dependent on DevOps Config
Policy Content Pack and GRC: Policy and Compliance Management. However, if GRC:
Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator (CIS), GRC: Unified Compliance Framework (UCF),
and GRC: Continuous Authorization and Monitoring (CAM) plugins are not installed on the
instance, then the staging data relevant to the control objectives from these plugins would
not be available on installing GRC: DevOps Accelerator.
GRC: DevOps Accelerator plugin maps the relationship between PaCE policies and control
objectives.
Note: Not all GRC control objectives may have a relationship with every PaCE policy.
Populating control objective and PaCE mapping data from the instances to
staging table
Control objective to items mapping table
As part of DevOps accelerator, the mapping relationships between control
objectives and PaCE policies are shipped to the customers. The relationship is
captured in Control objective to items [sn_compliance_control_objective_item]
table, where the Control objective column and Item record column, which is the
PaCE policy, list the data.
For CAM and CIS, the sys IDs of the control objectives map with the DevOps policy sys IDs.
However, for UCF the source ID of the control objective imported from the Shared List is mapped
with the DevOps policy sys ID.
The data in the DevOps policy to control objective staging
[sn_grc_devops_policy_control_objective_staging] table is shipped in Pending status. The data
is populated in the staging table based on the applications that are installed in the instance. The
data is not processed if the control objective and the PaCE policy do not exist in the instance.
Scheduled job to move data from the staging to the main table
A daily job (Import DevOps policy to Control Objective mapping from staging) runs after the
applications and the DevOps accelerator are installed to add the records to the Control objective
to items (sn_compliance_control_objective_item) table. If the record is successfully added to the
mapping table, then the status of the record in the staging table moves to Processed. If a control
objective is not populated or present in the application, then the record is not processed but is in
Pending status.
Manage continuous monitoring for controls between Configuration
Compliance and Policy and Compliance Management
Continuous monitoring for controls is a feature integration between the GRC: Policy and
Compliance Management product and the Security Operations Configuration Compliance
products. This feature integrates the scan results from third-party applications, like Qualys to
determine the compliance status for each associated control.
Continuous monitoring is a pro-active security management approach. Customers monitor and
validate compliance and manage risks against authority documents.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2018
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 322*

Continuous monitoring workflow
1.The system admin activates the Configuration Compliance and Policy and Compliance
Management plugins.
2. The compliance manager maps control objectives or controls to configuration tests, which
generate controls, entities, and indicators related to those configuration tests.
3. The integration ingests the results of the third-party configuration test scan results at defined
intervals.
4.If the configuration test scan results of the configuration tests indicate a failure, then the
control is non-compliant and an issue is automatically generated.
5. If the next scan result of the configuration test indicates that the failure has been remediated,
then the control is compliant and the issue is automatically closed.
Map control objective or controls to configuration tests
The compliance manager maps control objectives or controls to the configuration tests, which
generate the controls, entities, and indicators associated with configuration compliance.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance manager
The Configuration Compliance plugin must be activated to access this feature and the
sn_compliance.auto_create_profile_and_control property must be set to true.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Policies.
2. Open the policy record, click the Control Objectives related list, and click Edit.
Note: The Password Policy is used in this example.
3. Select each control objective to associate to the policy.
4.Open a control objective, and click the Citations related list to view the authority document
citation that is associated to this control objective.
Note: The Configure the maximum password age control objective is used in this
example.
5. Click the Configuration Tests related list and select one of the following add options:
◦Click Add
◦Click Add from Policies
◦Click Add from Authoritative Sources
Note: The Source field for each configuration test identifies the third-party provider of
the information.
6.After selection, click Add.
All the configuration items (controls, entities, and indicators) are mapped and displayed on the
Configuration Tests related list. The results may take a few minutes to generate.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2019
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
