# Map control objective or controls to configuration tests

*Pages 322–322 of source PDF*


---
*Page 322*

Continuous monitoring workflow
1.The system admin activates the Configuration Compliance and Policy and Compliance
Management plugins.
2. The compliance manager maps control objectives or controls to configuration tests, which
generate controls, entities, and indicators related to those configuration tests.
3. The integration ingests the results of the third-party configuration test scan results at defined
intervals.
4.If the configuration test scan results of the configuration tests indicate a failure, then the
control is non-compliant and an issue is automatically generated.
5. If the next scan result of the configuration test indicates that the failure has been remediated,
then the control is compliant and the issue is automatically closed.
Map control objective or controls to configuration tests
The compliance manager maps control objectives or controls to the configuration tests, which
generate the controls, entities, and indicators associated with configuration compliance.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance manager
The Configuration Compliance plugin must be activated to access this feature and the
sn_compliance.auto_create_profile_and_control property must be set to true.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Policies.
2. Open the policy record, click the Control Objectives related list, and click Edit.
Note: The Password Policy is used in this example.
3. Select each control objective to associate to the policy.
4.Open a control objective, and click the Citations related list to view the authority document
citation that is associated to this control objective.
Note: The Configure the maximum password age control objective is used in this
example.
5. Click the Configuration Tests related list and select one of the following add options:
◦Click Add
◦Click Add from Policies
◦Click Add from Authoritative Sources
Note: The Source field for each configuration test identifies the third-party provider of
the information.
6.After selection, click Add.
All the configuration items (controls, entities, and indicators) are mapped and displayed on the
Configuration Tests related list. The results may take a few minutes to generate.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2019
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
