# Managing mobile experience for GRC Policy and Compliance

*Pages 323–371 of source PDF*


---
*Page 323*

Interpret configuration compliance scan results
If the configuration test scan results of the control indicate any failures, the control is marked
non-compliant. If the scan results indicate the control passed, all the configuration tests, then the
control is marked compliant.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance manager
The Configuration Compliance plugin must be activated to access this feature and the
sn_compliance.auto_create_profile_and_control property must be set to true
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > Control Objectives.
Note: The Configure the maximum password age policy statement is used in this
example.
2. Open the control objective record and click the Controls related list.
11 controls were generated from the configuration compliance test scan. Each control has an
associated Profile and because all the controls show a Status of Non Compliant, an equal
number of issues have been automatically generated.
3. Open a control record, and click the Indicator related list.
4.Open the indicator record to see the indicator results.
The configuration test scan results are updated at regular intervals. If the scan results indicate
that the failure has been remediated, then the control is marked compliant and the issue is
automatically closed.
Managing mobile experience for GRC Policy and Compliance
As a policy and compliance manager, use your Android or iOS mobile device to manage your
work.
Request apps on the Store
Visit the ServiceNow Store to view all the available apps, and for information about submitting
requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps, see the
ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
User role actions for a compliance manager
®
As a user with the ServiceNow AI Platform compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
role, manage your work without being tied to the desktop. Receive timely notifications for current
alerts, as well as risk and compliance status for your critical assets, vendors, and impacted
essential business services all on your mobile device.
With the GRC Mobile application, you can perform the following Policy and Compliance
Management activities without being tied to the desktop:
•Approve or reject pending Policies and Policy Exception requests that are assigned to you.
•Assign unassigned tasks and issues to your team with the Indicator Tasks, Issues, and
Remediation Tasks applets.
•Manage and reassign your team's overdue tasks with the Attestations and overdue Issues
applets.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2020
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 324*

The following figure illustrates how you log in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance from your
mobile device and the landing screen that is displayed after you log in.
GRC Mobile application
For step-by-step instructions about how to set up your ServiceNow AI Platform instance and
install the GRC Mobile application, see Setup checklist for the GRC Mobile application. For
instructions about how to log in, see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
Applications
®
Applications are the ServiceNow software components such as Policy and
Compliance Management, Risk Management, and Audit Management that
provide specific features and functionalities within your ServiceNow AI Platform
instance. After you install these core applications and the GRC Mobile app on your
ServiceNow AI Platform instance, these applications are displayed as icons on the
bottom of your Android or iOS mobile device after you log in.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2021
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 325*

Folders
®
Each ServiceNow mobile application contains folders that separate the applets by
categories. In the preceding image, Pending Approvals, Team's Unassigned Work,
and Team's Overdue Work are the folders of the Policy and Compliance Mobile
app.
Applets
Applets are the different options within the application. In the preceding image, the
icons under Pending Approvals, Team's Unassigned Work, and Team's Overdue
Work are the available applets for the Policy and Compliance Mobile app.
Setup checklist for the GRC Mobile application
The following checklist includes the set up tasks that you are required to complete in your
®
ServiceNow AI Platform instance and on your mobile device prior to using the GRC Mobile
application. Complete these set up tasks prior to using the GRC Mobile application to view the
Policy and Compliance Management application on your mobile device.
Before you begin
As an option, print this checklist and use it to guide you through the set up tasks that are required
for the GRC Mobile application.
Estimated time to complete this task: 15-20 minutes.
Roles required: admin, sn_compliance.manager
Procedure
Verify that you complete each item on the list so that you can log in to the GRC Mobile
application and add a ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
GRC Mobile application checklist
Item Description
As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC core
applications installed on a ServiceNow AI Platform instance. This is the
ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you view on your mobile device.
Note: The GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform
instance should be from the same family release.
a.To verify the GRC: GRC Profile Dependencies core application is installed
on your instance, navigate to Plugins and search for GRC Profile.
b.If the GRC Profile core application is not already installed, click Install to
install it.
c.After the GRC Profile application is installed, install either the Policy and
Compliance Management core application, or the Risk Management core
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2022
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 326*

Item Description
application, or both the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk
Management applications. These are the two GRC applications that you
can view with the GRC Mobile application.
If not visible in your instance, all of the GRC core applications are available
from the ServiceNow Store.
For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing
the GRC core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
When you install the GRC core applications, the dependency
plugins for the GRC Mobile application, (com.glide.sg and
com.glide.sg.agent_native_client) are also automatically installed.
To verify that these dependency plugins are installed and activated:
a.Navigate to Plugins.
b.Search for the plugin IDs (com.glide.sg and
com.glide.sg.agent_native_client).
c.If they are not activated, activate these plugins.
As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC mobile app
installed on the ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to view on
your mobile device.
Note: The GRC mobile app and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance
should be from the same family release.
For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing
the GRC Mobile application, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
As a user with the admin role, in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance
verify that you have assigned mobile users with the required ServiceNow AI
Platform roles.
a.To view the roles that are assigned to a user, navigate to Users and
Groups > Users.
b.Select the user name followed by the roles related list. All roles assigned
to this user are displayed.
c.Verify a user is assigned, or assign a user with the IT Infrastructure Library
role (itil). Users with the itil role can create, open, and update records.
Only users with the itil role can have tasks assigned to them.
d. Verify a user is assigned, or assign a user with the compliance manager
role (sn_compliance.manager). This role is automatically added when you
assign the itil role.
e. Verify you have created any required assignment groups and assigned
mobile users to these groups.
Note: If you have multiple users for the mobile application, you
alternatively can assign the sn_compliance.manager role to a group.
Each user you add to the group inherits this role.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2023
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | application, or both the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk Management applications. These are the two GRC applications that you can view with the GRC Mobile application. If not visible in your instance, all of the GRC core applications are available from the ServiceNow Store. For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store. When you install the GRC core applications, the dependency plugins for the GRC Mobile application, (com.glide.sg and com.glide.sg.agent_native_client) are also automatically installed. To verify that these dependency plugins are installed and activated: a.Navigate to Plugins. b.Search for the plugin IDs (com.glide.sg and com.glide.sg.agent_native_client). c.If they are not activated, activate these plugins. |
|  | As a user with the admin role, verify that you have the GRC mobile app installed on the ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to view on your mobile device. Note: The GRC mobile app and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance should be from the same family release. For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC Mobile application, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store. |


---
*Page 327*

Item Description
For more information on users and assigning roles to users and groups, see
Create a user , Assign a role to a user , Assign a role to a group .
As a mobile user with the sn_compliance.manager role, download and
®
install the most current ServiceNow Agent app on your mobile device.
The most current Agent app is available on the Apple iOS App Store and
the Google Play Store.
As a user with the sn_compliance.manager role, verify notifications are
enabled on your mobile device and in your ServiceNow AI Platform
instance.
Notifications inform you when critical pending approval requests are
assigned to you or to your assignment group. To assist you with timely
remediation, after you enable notifications, click on a notification in the
GRC Mobile application and navigate directly to the record.
To enable notifications in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance so they are
displayed on your mobile device, follow these steps.
a.Verify you have downloaded and installed the GRC Mobile application on
your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
b.In System Settings in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, under
Notifications, verify you have enabled the ServiceNow Mobile
Application.
ServiceNow AI Platform notifications are also displayed on the messages
screen on your mobile device. Verify that notifications are also enabled in
the settings of your mobile device.
You have successfully set up your mobile device and the ServiceNow AI Platform for the GRC
Mobile application. The next step is to log in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance with the
ServiceNow Agent app on your mobile device.
Log in to the GRC Mobile application
®
Open the GRC Mobile application and add a ServiceNow AI Platform instance with Policy and
Compliance Management to your mobile device.
Before you begin
Verify that you have completed the setup steps described in Setup checklist for the GRC Mobile
application.
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Time to complete this task: 5-7 minutes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2024
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For more information on users and assigning roles to users and groups, see Create a user , Assign a role to a user , Assign a role to a group . |
|  | As a mobile user with the sn_compliance.manager role, download and ® install the most current ServiceNow Agent app on your mobile device. The most current Agent app is available on the Apple iOS App Store and the Google Play Store. |
|  | As a user with the sn_compliance.manager role, verify notifications are enabled on your mobile device and in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance. Notifications inform you when critical pending approval requests are assigned to you or to your assignment group. To assist you with timely remediation, after you enable notifications, click on a notification in the GRC Mobile application and navigate directly to the record. To enable notifications in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance so they are displayed on your mobile device, follow these steps. a.Verify you have downloaded and installed the GRC Mobile application on your ServiceNow AI Platform instance. b.In System Settings in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, under Notifications, verify you have enabled the ServiceNow Mobile Application. ServiceNow AI Platform notifications are also displayed on the messages screen on your mobile device. Verify that notifications are also enabled in the settings of your mobile device. |


---
*Page 328*

Procedure
1.On your mobile device, tap the ServiceNow Agent app.
If you are not already logged in to a ServiceNow AI Platform instance, the Instances screen is
displayed.
2. If the ServiceNow AI Platform instance with the Policy and Compliance Management core
application is not already added to your mobile device, follow these steps to add it.
a.On the Instances screen that is displayed, tap the plus icon ( ).
A screen is displayed that prompts you to enter and save an address of a ServiceNow AI
Platform instance.
b.Fill in the fields.
Field name Description
Enter the instance address or scan a QR Choose one to continue:
code.
▪Before the .service-now.com in the
field, enter the name of your ServiceNow
AI Platform instance, for example,
grcmobile.
▪Enter an address. This address is the URL
of your ServiceNow AI Platform instance
that you want to view on your mobile
device.
▪Scan a QR code.
For more information about the mobile
app, see "Log in to an instance with the
mobile app" on the ServiceNow product
documentation website.
(Optional) Enter nickname Enter a nickname for this instance. If you
have multiple instances added to the
device, nicknames can help you quickly
locate a ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
c.Tap Save and Login.
3. On the ServiceNow login screen that is displayed, enter the User name and Password for the
ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to add and tap Login.
The Policy and Compliance landing screen is displayed. You have successfully logged in to the
GRC Mobile application.
4.After you log in, verify notifications are enabled in the GRC Mobile application.
a.On the landing screen on the bottom, tap More.
b.On the More screen, tap Notification.
c.On the Notifications screen, tap Enable Notifications if not enabled.
Notifications from the ServiceNow AI Platform are displayed on the Notifications screen in
the GRC Mobile application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2025
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Enter the instance address or scan a QR code. | Choose one to continue: ▪Before the .service-now.com in the field, enter the name of your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, for example, grcmobile. ▪Enter an address. This address is the URL of your ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to view on your mobile device. ▪Scan a QR code. For more information about the mobile app, see "Log in to an instance with the mobile app" on the ServiceNow product documentation website. |
| (Optional) Enter nickname | Enter a nickname for this instance. If you have multiple instances added to the device, nicknames can help you quickly locate a ServiceNow AI Platform instance. |


---
*Page 329*

5. After you log in to an instance on your mobile device, it is the default ServiceNow AI Platform
instance on the device.
If you want to view another ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your device, you must log out
of the default instance. To log out:
a.On the bottom of the screen, tap the More.
The More screen is displayed.
b.Tap Settings.
c.On the screen that is displayed, tap Logout.
The Instances screen is displayed with any ServiceNow AI Platform instances you have
added to the mobile device.
d. Optional: Tap another instance to log in to it, or, alternatively, follow the preceding steps to
add another instance.
Trouble?
If the instances screen for the GRC Mobile application is not displayed after you tap the
ServiceNow Agent app on your device, verify that the ServiceNow Agent app is permitted as
a trusted app on your device. To permit access as a trusted app, navigate to the settings and
general device management on your device and tap the option (Trust app, etc.) to permit access.
If an error message is displayed after you enter your credentials in the log in screen, verify that
your User name and password for the ServiceNow AI Platform instance is correct.
If you have problems viewing the landing screen, verify your network connection.
If you cannot view the Instances screen after you tap the ServiceNow Agent app, try uninstalling
it from your device. Verify you have the most current version of the app from the Apple iOS App
Store or the Google Play Store and try reinstalling it.
What to do next
Select one of the following topics for more information about each applet.
Process pending Policy and Compliance Management approval requests with
the GRC Mobile application
Approve or reject pending policy approval requests that are submitted to you.
Before you begin
Role required: Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Approve or reject a pending Policy and Compliance Management request from the list of
records. Alternatively, view the details of the record or add a work note prior to processing the
request. Time to complete this task: 5-10 minutes.
Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance landing screen displayed, tap Policies.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2026
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 330*

If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
The Policies screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2027
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 331*

3. Optional: If you want to reduce the number of records that are displayed on the screen, see
Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match specific search
criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
4.With the Policies screen displayed with a list of records, swipe left on a record to open the
menu.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2028
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 332*

5. On the menu that is displayed, choose one to process the request.
Option Description
In the Comments field, enter comments. Com­
ments are optional for approvals. Tap the
Approve.
Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
In the Comments field, enter comments. Com­
ments are required for rejections. Tap the
Reject.
Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2029
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 333*

6.Alternatively, with the Policies screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it and view
more details.
With the fields on the policy records displayed as shown in the following figure, choose one in
the table to continue.
Option Description
Choose one to continue.
◦View the fields for details about the Policy.
Details tab
◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ) to approve or reject the policy ap­
proval request. Follow the steps described
in the preceding table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2030
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 334*

Option Description
View the related lists.
a.Tap Control Objectives to view the items
on the Control Objectives related list.
b.On the list that is displayed, tap an item to
open the record and view more details. If
there are multiple records, use the filter to
Related List tab
Filter records with the GRC Mobile applica­
tion.
c.After you review the details, navigate back
to the Policy screen and tap the menu icon
( ) to approve or reject the policy ap­
proval request. Follow the steps described
in the preceding table.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
continue.
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
◦Tap More:
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Process pending approvals for Policy exceptions with the GRC Mobile
application
Approve or reject pending policy exceptions and policy exception extension requests that are
assigned to you.
Before you begin
Role required: Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
With this applet, you can perform the following tasks on a list of policy exception records:
•Edit
•Request more information
•Approve, or reject pending policy exceptions or extension requests
•View the details of the record or add a work note prior to processing the request
Time to complete this task: 5-10 minutes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2031
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 335*

Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance landing screen displayed, tap Policy Exceptions.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
The Policy Exceptions screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2032
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 336*

3. Optional: If you want to reduce the number of records that are displayed on the screen, see
Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match specific search
criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2033
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 337*

4.To edit, approve or reject, or request more information about a policy exception directly from
the list of records displayed on the screen, swipe left on a record to open the menu.
5. On the menu that is displayed, choose one from the following table to continue.
Option Description
From the fields that are displayed, choose
one to continue.
◦Tap Request more information.
In the Additional comments field, enter a
comment to the user who requested the pol­
icy exception request. Your request is sent
to the originator of the exception request
and the extension number is included with
your comment. Tap the send icon ( ) or
Submit to submit your request.
After your request is sent, the option to re­
Tap the menu icon ( ) quest more information is no longer avail­
able from the menu until the requester
provides the information and requests ap­
proval once again. If available, tap the Ac­
tivity Stream tab on the policy exception
record and refer to the work notes for the
audit trail.
◦Tap Edit and tap a field to edit the Valid
from, Valid to, and Approver fields.
Note: Only users from your approval
group are available for the Approver
field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2034
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 338*

Option Description
Tap the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save
and submit your changes.
◦Cancel the operation and return to the ex­
ception record list.
In the Additional comments field, enter com­
ments. Comments are optional for approvals.
Tap the calendar icon to edit the Valid to date.
Approve
Tap OK followed by the Send icon ( ) or
Submit to save and submit your changes.
In the Additional comments field, enter com­
ments. Comments are required for rejections.
Reject
Tap the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and
submit your changes.
6.To approve or reject a policy exception extension request directly from the list of records
displayed on the Policy Exceptions screen after you have requested more information, swipe
left on a record to open the menu.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2035
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 339*

7.On the menu for policy extension that is displayed, choose one to continue.
Option Description
In the Additional comments field, enter com­
Approve the extension
ments. Comments are optional for approvals.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2036
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 340*

Option Description
In the Requested extension field, tap the cal­
endar icon to edit the date. Tap OK followed
by the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and
submit your changes.
In the Additional comments field, enter com­
ments. Comments are required for rejections.
Reject the extension
Tap the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and
submit your changes.
8.Alternatively, with the Policy Exceptions screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it
and review more details.
With the fields on the record displayed, choose one in the following table to continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2037
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 341*

Option Description
With details tab selected, choose one to con­
Details tab
tinue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2038
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 342*

Option Description
◦View the fields for details about the Policy
Exception record.
If displayed, tap the Policy field to display a
list of policies and tap an item to display the
Policy record.
Tap the Control Objective field to display a
list of control objectives. Tap an item on the
list to open the record.
◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ). Approve or reject the pending
policy exception request, or edit it and re­
quest more information. Follow the steps
described in the preceding table. If the ex­
tension request menu is displayed, follow
the steps described in the preceding table
to approve or reject the extension request.
With the Activity Stream tab selected, choose
one to continue.
◦View work notes and additional comments.
Tap the plus icon to add a work note or
attach a file.
◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
Activity Stream tab
icon ( ). Approve or reject the pending
policy exception request, or edit and re­
quest more information. Follow the steps
described in the preceding table. If the ex­
tension request menu is displayed, follow
the steps described in the preceding table
to approve or reject the extension request.
With the Related lists tab selected, follow
these steps.
a.Tap Impacted Controls to view the items
on the Impacted Controls related list.
b.On the list that is displayed, tap an item to
open the record and view more details.
Related Lists
At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ). Approve or reject the pending pol­
icy exception request, or edit and request
more information. Follow the steps described
in the preceding table. If the extension re­
quest menu is displayed, follow the steps de­
scribed in the preceding table to approve or
reject the extension request.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2039
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 343*

Option Description
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
◦Tap More:
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Assign Policy and Compliance Management indicator tasks with the GRC
Mobile application
Assign unassigned Policy and Compliance Management indicator tasks to a member of your
assignment group. An indicator task is related to a Control record that is assigned to your
compliance group.
Before you begin
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Assign a task from the list of records. Alternatively, view the details of the record or add a work
note prior to assignment. Time to complete this task: 5-10 minutes.
Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance screen displayed, under the section titled, Team's
Unassigned Work, tap Indicator Tasks.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2040
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 344*

The Indicator Tasks screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2041
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 345*

3. Optional: If you want to reduce the number of records that are displayed on the screen, see
Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match specific search
criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2042
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 346*

4.To assign a task directly from the list of records displayed on the Indicator Tasks screen, swipe
left on a record to open the menu.
5. Tap Assign.
6.Tap Assigned to, and, on the screen that is displayed, tap a user.
Alternatively, enter text in the Search field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2043
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 347*

The name of the user is displayed on the Assign Indicator Task screen. You can assign
indicator tasks to any user.
7.Tap the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit your changes.
After you assign the task to a user, the record is no longer displayed on the Indicator Tasks list.
8.Alternatively, to review more details, with the Assign Indicator Task screen displayed, tap a
record on the list to open it.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2044
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 348*

9.With the fields on the record displayed, choose one in the following table to continue.
Option Description
With the Details tab selected, view the details
of the task. At the top right of the screen, tap
the menu icon ( ) to assign the task. On the
Details tab screen that is displayed, tap a user. Alterna­
tively, enter text in the Search field. Tap the
send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
With the Activity Stream tab selected, choose
one to continue.
◦View work notes and additional comments.
Tap the plus icon ( ) to add a work note or
attach a file.
Activity Stream tab ◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ) to assign the task. On the screen
that is displayed, tap a user. Alternatively,
enter text in the Search field. Tap the send
icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
continue.
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
◦Tap More:
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Assign Policy and Compliance Management issues with the GRC Mobile
application
Assign unassigned Policy and Compliance Management issues to a member of your assignment
group. Navigate through the record to view more details about the Control Objective, the Control
record, and Remediation Tasks associated with an issue.
Before you begin
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Time to complete this task: 5-10 minutes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2045
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 349*

Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance landing screen displayed, under the section titled, Team's
Unassigned Work, tap Issues.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2046
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 350*

The Issues screen is displayed with a list of records.
3. Optional: If you want to reduce the number of records that are displayed on the screen, see
Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match specific search
criteria.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2047
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 351*

(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
4.To edit or assign an issue directly from the list of records displayed on the Issues screen, swipe
left on a record to open the menu.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2048
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 352*

5. In the menu that is displayed, choose one to continue.
Option Description
In the Extend by days field on the Edit Issue
screen that is displayed, enter a value. This
value is added to the Duration field in your
Edit
ServiceNow AI Platform instance. Tap the
Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
On the Issue Assignment screen that is dis­
Assign played, tap the Assignment Group and As­
signed to fields to assign the issue.
6.Alternatively, with the Issues screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it and view more
details.
With the fields on the issue record displayed, choose one in the following table to continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2049
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 353*

Option Description
With the Details tab selected, choose one to
Details tab
continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2050
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 354*

Option Description
◦View the fields for details about the issue,
especially the planned start and end dates.
Tap the Control Objective/Risk Statement
field to expand it. A list of records is dis­
played. Tap an item to display a control ob­
jective record.
Tap the Control/Risk field to expand it. A
list of records is displayed. Tap an item on
the list to open the record. With the record
displayed, select the Details or Activity
Stream tabs for more information.
◦At the top right of the screen with the Is­
sue screen displayed, tap the menu icon (
) to edit and assign the issue. Follow the
steps described in the preceding table.
Choose one to continue.
◦View work notes and additional comments.
Tap the plus icon ( ) to add a work note or
attach a file.
Activity Stream tab
◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ) to edit and assign the issue. Fol­
low the steps described in the preceding ta­
ble.
View the related lists.
a.Tap Remediation Tasks to expand the field.
On the Remediation Task screen, view the
items on the Remediation Tasks related list
that are associated with the Issue record.
Related List tab b.On the list that is displayed, tap an item
to open the record and view more details
about the task.
c.After your review, navigate back to the is­
sue record and tap the menu ( ) to edit
and assign the issue. Follow the steps de­
scribed in the preceding table.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
continue.
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
◦Tap More:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2051
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 355*

Option Description
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Assign Policy and Compliance Management remediation tasks with the GRC
Mobile application
Assign an unassigned remediation task to a member of your group. Edit the fields including
the Extend by days field. Navigate through the record to view more details about the Control
Objective, the Control record, and the Issues associated with a Remediation Task.
Before you begin
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Edit or assign an unassigned remediation task directly from the list of records. Alternatively, view
the details of the record prior to assignment or add a work note. Time to complete this task: 5-10
minutes.
Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance landing screen displayed, under the section titled, Team's
Unassigned Work, tap Remediation Tasks.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2052
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 356*

The Remediation Tasks screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2053
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 357*

3. Optional: See Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match
specific search criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2054
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 358*

4.To edit or assign a task directly from the list of records displayed on the Remediation Tasks
screen, swipe left on a record to open the menu.
5. In the menu that is displayed, choose one to continue.
Option Description
In the Extend by days field on the Edit Reme­
diation Task screen that is displayed, enter
a value. This value is added to the Duration
field in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
Edit To assign the remediation task, tap the As­
signed to field and tap a name. Alternatively,
enter a user name in the search field.
Tap the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and
submit your changes.
On the Issue Assignment screen that is dis­
Assign played, tap the Assignment Group and As­
signed to fields to assign the issue.
6.Alternatively, with the Remediation Tasks screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it
and review more details.
7.With the fields on the issue record displayed, choose one in the following table to continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2055
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 359*

Option Description
With the Details tab selected, choose one to
Details tab
continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2056
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 360*

Option Description
◦View the fields for details about the issue,
especially the planned start and end dates.
Tap the Issue field to expand it. On the Is­
sue screen, a list of records is displayed.
Tap an item to display more details about
the Control Objective and Control/Risk.
◦Navigate back to the record on the Reme­
diation Task screen and tap the menu icon
( ) to assign or edit the issue. Follow the
steps described in the preceding table.
With the Activity Stream tab selected, choose
one to continue.
◦View work notes and additional comments.
Tap the plus icon ( ) to add a work note or
Activity Stream tab attach a file.
◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ) to edit and assign the issue. Fol­
low the steps described in the preceding ta­
ble.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
continue.
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
◦Tap More:
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Reassign overdue Policy and Compliance Management attestations with the
GRC Mobile application
Reassign overdue attestations to a member of your assignment group.
Before you begin
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Reassign a record from the list. Alternatively, view the details of the record prior to reassignment.
Time to complete this task: 5-10 minutes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2057
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 361*

Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance screen displayed, under the section titled, Team's
Overdue Work, tap Attestations.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2058
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 362*

The Attestations screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2059
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 363*

3. Optional: See Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match
specific search criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2060
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 364*

4.To reassign an attestation directly from the list of records displayed on the Attestations screen,
swipe left on a record to open the menu.
5. Tap Reassign and followed by the Assigned to field.
6.Tap a user name, or, alternatively, enter a name in the search field.
7.Tap the Send icon () or Submit to save and submit your changes.
8.Alternatively, with the Attestation screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it and view
more details.
9.Choose one from the following table to continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2061
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 365*

Option Description
Tap the menu icon ( ) to reassign the attes­
Tap the top menu icon
tation.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2062
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 366*

Option Description
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
◦Tap More:
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Reassign overdue Policy and Compliance Management issues with the GRC
Mobile application
Reassign overdue issues that are assigned to your assignment group. Navigate through the
record to view more details about the Control Objective, the Control record, and Remediation
Tasks that are associated with an overdue issue.
Before you begin
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Edit or reassign an issue directly from the list of records. Alternatively, add a work note or
navigate through the record to view more details prior to reassignment. If an issue is not
assigned to your assignment group, it is not displayed on this list. Time to complete this task: 5-10
minutes.
Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance screen displayed, under the section titled Team's
Overdue Work, tap Issues.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2063
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 367*

The Issues screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2064
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 368*

3. Optional: See Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match
specific search criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2065
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 369*

4.To edit or reassign an issue directly from the list of records displayed on the Issues screen,
swipe left on a record to open the menu.
5. In the menu that is displayed, choose one to continue.
Option Description
In the Extend by days field on the Edit Issue
screen that is displayed, enter a value. This
value is added to the Duration field in your
Edit
ServiceNow AI Platform instance. Tap the
Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
On the Issue Assignment screen that is dis­
played, tap the Assignment Group and As­
signed to fields to reassign the issue. Tap the
Reassign
Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and submit
your changes.
6.Alternatively, with the Issues screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it and view more
details.
7.With the fields on the issue record displayed, choose one in the following table to continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2066
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 370*

Option Description
With the Details tab selected, choose one to
Details tab
continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2067
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 371*

Option Description
◦View the fields for details about the issue,
especially the planned start and end dates.
Tap the Control Objective/Risk Statement
field to expand it. A list of records is dis­
played. Tap an item to display the control
objective record.
Tap the Control/Risk field to expand it. A
list of records is displayed. Tap an item on
the list to open the record. With the record
displayed, select the Details or Activity
Stream tabs for more information.
◦Navigate back to the record and tap the
menu icon ( ) to edit and reassign the is­
sue. Follow the steps described in the pre­
ceding table.
With the Activity Stream tab selected, choose
one to continue.
◦View work notes and additional comments.
Tap the plus icon ( ) to add a work note or
Activity Stream tab attach a file.
◦At the top right of the screen, tap the menu
icon ( ) to edit and reassign the issue.
Follow the steps described in the preced­
ing table.
With the Related List tab selected, follow
these steps.
a.Tap Remediation Tasks to expand the field.
On the Remediation Task screen, view the
items on the Remediation Tasks related list
Related List tab
that are associated with the Issue record.
b.After your review, navigate back to the
record on the Issue screen and tap the
menu icon ( ) to edit and reassign the is­
sue. Follow the steps described in the pre­
ceding table.
On the bottom of the screen, choose one to
continue.
◦Tap the Policy and Compliance icon to re­
turn the landing screen.
Screen icons at the bottom of the screen.
◦If displayed, tap an icon to open another
®
ServiceNow mobile app.
◦Tap More:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2068
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


*Note: Pages 323–371 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
