# Assign Policy and Compliance Management remediation tasks with the GRC Mobile application

*Pages 355–359 of source PDF*


---
*Page 355*

Option Description
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Assign Policy and Compliance Management remediation tasks with the GRC
Mobile application
Assign an unassigned remediation task to a member of your group. Edit the fields including
the Extend by days field. Navigate through the record to view more details about the Control
Objective, the Control record, and the Issues associated with a Remediation Task.
Before you begin
Role required: GRC Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Edit or assign an unassigned remediation task directly from the list of records. Alternatively, view
the details of the record prior to assignment or add a work note. Time to complete this task: 5-10
minutes.
Procedure
1.If you are not logged in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your mobile device, for
more information see Log in to the GRC Mobile application.
2. With the Policy and Compliance landing screen displayed, under the section titled, Team's
Unassigned Work, tap Remediation Tasks.
If you navigate away from the GRC Mobile application after you have logged in, tap the Now
Agent app at any time to return to the last screen you had displayed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2052
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 356*

The Remediation Tasks screen is displayed with a list of records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2053
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 357*

3. Optional: See Filter records with the GRC Mobile application to search for records that match
specific search criteria.
(Optional) Filtering records on screens in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition
builder on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Setting filters can reduce the number of records that
are displayed on screens.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2054
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 358*

4.To edit or assign a task directly from the list of records displayed on the Remediation Tasks
screen, swipe left on a record to open the menu.
5. In the menu that is displayed, choose one to continue.
Option Description
In the Extend by days field on the Edit Reme­
diation Task screen that is displayed, enter
a value. This value is added to the Duration
field in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
Edit To assign the remediation task, tap the As­
signed to field and tap a name. Alternatively,
enter a user name in the search field.
Tap the Send icon ( ) or Submit to save and
submit your changes.
On the Issue Assignment screen that is dis­
Assign played, tap the Assignment Group and As­
signed to fields to assign the issue.
6.Alternatively, with the Remediation Tasks screen displayed, tap a record on the list to open it
and review more details.
7.With the fields on the issue record displayed, choose one in the following table to continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2055
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 359*

Option Description
With the Details tab selected, choose one to
Details tab
continue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2056
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


*Note: Pages 355–359 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
