# Components installed with Policy and Compliance Management

*Pages 372–380 of source PDF*


---
*Page 372*

Option Description
▪Tap Notification to view notifications
from the ServiceNow AI Platform and the
GRC Mobile application.
▪Tap Settings followed by Logout to log
out of the current instance.
Filter records with the GRC Mobile application
Set additional filters to limit the number of records that are displayed on a screen. Filtering
records in the mobile app works like filtering with a condition builder on the ServiceNow AI
Platform.
Before you begin
Role required: Compliance manager (sn_compliance.manager)
About this task
Time to complete this task: 5 minutes.
Procedure
1.To further refine your search results, or to enter additional filter criteria on any list of records
that is displayed, tap the filter icon ( ).
2. With the Filters screen displayed, tap a field to expand it.
3. From the options that are displayed, tap the check box or tap an option for your filter.
For many of the filters, you can select more than one option.
4.Tap the Back icon ( ) or DONE to save your changes to a field.
The criteria you chose are displayed on the Filters screen. The number of records that match
your criteria is also displayed at the top of the screen. Tap Clear or RESET to remove any filters
and restore the default setting.
5. Optional: Repeat steps 1 - 4 with the Filters screen displayed to continue setting your filter
criteria.
6.Tap the intersection union after you set all criteria to create AND conditions. ).
Alternatively, tap the union icon ( ) to create OR conditions.
7.After you have added all the criteria you want, with the Filters screen displayed, tap DONE.
On the screen, only the records that match your filter criteria are displayed.
What to do next
View the records that are displayed after your search for more details.
Policy and Compliance Management reference
Reference topics provide information about tables, roles, and properties installed with the GRC:
Policy and Compliance Management application.
Components installed with Policy and Compliance Management
Reference topics provide additional information about components that are installed with the
activation of the Policy and Compliance Management plugin. These components include tables,
user roles, and properties.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2069
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 373*

Note: The Application Files table lists the components that are installed with this
application. For instructions on how to access this table, see Find components installed
with an application .
Demo data is available for this feature.
Roles installed with GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
Roles are added with activation of GRC: Policy and Compliance Management.
Roles installed
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Compliance Administrator Contains the reader, user,
•sn_compliance.manager
manager, and admin roles
[sn_compliance.admin] in sn_grc scopes, and the •sn_grc.admin
reader, user, and manager
roles in the Policy and
Compliance Management
application. In addition to
the inherited permissions,
the compliance admin can
delete authority documents,
citations, policies, control
objectives, and controls.
Attestation Creator Role used for creating the assessment_admin
GRC attestation metric
sn_compliance.attestation_creattoyrpe, as well as exception
questionnaires.
Compliance Developer Contains the reader, user,
•sn_compliance.admin
manager, admin, and
[sn_compliance.developer] developer roles in sn_grc •sn_grc.developer
scopes, and the reader, user,
manager, and admin roles in
the Policy and Compliance
Management application.
In addition to the inherited
permissions, the compliance
developer can create article
templates and edit scripts.
Compliance Manager Contains the reader, user,
•sn_compliance.user
and manager roles in sn_grc
[sn_compliance.manager] scopes, and the reader and •sn_grc.manager
user roles in the Policy and
•sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
Compliance Management
application. In addition to the
inherited permissions, the
compliance manager can
create authority documents,
citations, control objectives,
and controls.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2070
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| with an application |  |
| --- | --- |

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Compliance Administrator [sn_compliance.admin] | Contains the reader, user, manager, and admin roles in sn_grc scopes, and the reader, user, and manager roles in the Policy and Compliance Management application. In addition to the inherited permissions, the compliance admin can delete authority documents, citations, policies, control objectives, and controls. | •sn_compliance.manager •sn_grc.admin |
| Attestation Creator sn_compliance.attestation_crea | Role used for creating the GRC attestation metric ttoyrpe, as well as exception questionnaires. | assessment_admin |
| Compliance Developer [sn_compliance.developer] | Contains the reader, user, manager, admin, and developer roles in sn_grc scopes, and the reader, user, manager, and admin roles in the Policy and Compliance Management application. In addition to the inherited permissions, the compliance developer can create article templates and edit scripts. | •sn_compliance.admin •sn_grc.developer |
| Compliance Manager [sn_compliance.manager] | Contains the reader, user, and manager roles in sn_grc scopes, and the reader and user roles in the Policy and Compliance Management application. In addition to the inherited permissions, the compliance manager can create authority documents, citations, control objectives, and controls. | •sn_compliance.user •sn_grc.manager •sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_ass |


---
*Page 374*

Roles installed (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Compliance Reader Contains the reader role in
•sn_grc.reader
sn_grc scopes. In addition
[sn_compliance.reader] to the inherited permissions, •survey_reader
the compliance reader can be
assigned indicators templates,
indicators, and issues.
Compliance User Contains the reader and user
•sn_compliance.reader
roles in sn_grc scopes, and
[sn_compliance.user] the reader role in the Policy •sn_grc.user
and Compliance Management
•sn_risk.reader
application. In addition to
the inherited permissions, •survey_reader
the compliance user can
•vendor_reader
be assigned controls and
create policies, and has
read-only access to the Risk
Management application and
modules. The compliance
user can also create control
objectives.
Corporate compliance analyst Contains the reader and
•sn_compliance.user
[sn_compliance_ws.corporate_coumseprl iraonlecse _ina nsanl_ygsrtc] scopes,
and the reader role in the •sn_audit.user
Compliance Workspace.
Corporate Contains the reader, user,
•sn_compliance.manager
compliance manager and manager roles in sn_grc
[sn_compliance_ws.corporate_cosmcopplieasn,c aen_dm tahnea rgeeard]er and •sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst
user roles in the Compliance
•sn_audit.manager
Workspace.
IT compliance manager Contains the reader, user,
•sn_compliance.manager
[sn_compliance_ws.it_compliancaen_dm manaangaegre]r roles in sn_grc
scopes, and the reader and •sn_audit.manager
user roles in the Compliance
Workspace.
Tables installed with Policy and Compliance Management
Tables are added with activation of GRC: Policy and Compliance Management.
Tables installed
Table Description
Authority Document Extends the Document
[sn_grc_document] table and stores
[sn_compliance_authority_document] all Authority Documents.
Control Extends the Item [sn_grc_item] table
and stores all controls.
[sn_compliance_control]
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2071
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Compliance Reader [sn_compliance.reader] | Contains the reader role in sn_grc scopes. In addition to the inherited permissions, the compliance reader can be assigned indicators templates, indicators, and issues. | •sn_grc.reader •survey_reader |
| Compliance User [sn_compliance.user] | Contains the reader and user roles in sn_grc scopes, and the reader role in the Policy and Compliance Management application. In addition to the inherited permissions, the compliance user can be assigned controls and create policies, and has read-only access to the Risk Management application and modules. The compliance user can also create control objectives. | •sn_compliance.reader •sn_grc.user •sn_risk.reader •survey_reader •vendor_reader |
| Corporate compliance analyst [sn_compliance_ws.corporate_c | Contains the reader and oumseprl iraonlecse _ina nsanl_ygsrtc] scopes, and the reader role in the Compliance Workspace. | •sn_compliance.user •sn_audit.user |
| Corporate compliance manager [sn_compliance_ws.corporate_c | Contains the reader, user, and manager roles in sn_grc osmcopplieasn,c aen_dm tahnea rgeeard]er and user roles in the Compliance Workspace. | •sn_compliance.manager •sn_compliance_ws.corporate •sn_audit.manager |
| IT compliance manager [sn_compliance_ws.it_complian | Contains the reader, user, caen_dm manaangaegre]r roles in sn_grc scopes, and the reader and user roles in the Compliance Workspace. | •sn_compliance.manager •sn_audit.manager |

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Authority Document [sn_compliance_authority_document] | Extends the Document [sn_grc_document] table and stores all Authority Documents. |
| Control [sn_compliance_control] | Extends the Item [sn_grc_item] table and stores all controls. |


---
*Page 375*

Tables installed (continued)
Table Description
Policy Extends the Document
[sn_grc_document] table and stores
[sn_compliance_policy] all policies.
Article Template Used to format the policy text
contained in a policy record
[sn_compliance_article_template] when publishing the policy to the
knowledge base (KB).
Citation Extends the Content [sn_grc_content]
table and stores all citations.
[sn_compliance_citation]
Policy exception risk rating mapping Stores the mapping details of the risk
[sn_compliance_policy_exception_risk_rating_mapping] assessment rating with the policy
exception risk rating.
Policy to Entity Type Extends Document to Entity Type
[sn_grc_m2m_document_profile_type]
[sn_compliance_m2m_policy_profile_type] and is a many-to-many relationship
table that is used to manage the
relationships between policies and
entity types.
Control Objective to Citation Many-to-many relationship table
that is used to manage relationships
[sn_compliance_m2m_statement_citation] between control objectives and their
related citations.
Control Objective to Entity Type Extends Content to Entity Type
[sn_grc_m2m_content_profile_type]
[sn_compliance_m2m_statement_profile_type] and is a many-to-many relationship
table that is used to manage the
relationships between control
objectives and entity type.
Control objective Extends the Content [sn_grc_content]
table and stores all control objectives.
[sn_compliance_policy_statement]
Control objective requirement Stores the requirement number and
the requirement description of a
[sn_compliance_policy_stmt_requirement] control objective requirement.
Control objective to Control objective requirement Many-to-many relationship table
that is used to manage relationships
[sn_compliance_m2m_policy_stmt_policy_stmt_rqmt] between control objective and control
objective requirement.
Control requirement Stores the requirement number of
control
[sn_compliance_control_requirement]
Control to Control requirement Many-to-many relationship
table that stores the control and
[sn_compliance_m2m_control_control_requirement] control requirement details. The
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2072
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Policy [sn_compliance_policy] | Extends the Document [sn_grc_document] table and stores all policies. |
| Article Template [sn_compliance_article_template] | Used to format the policy text contained in a policy record when publishing the policy to the knowledge base (KB). |
| Citation [sn_compliance_citation] | Extends the Content [sn_grc_content] table and stores all citations. |
| Policy exception risk rating mapping [sn_compliance_policy_exception_risk_rating_mapping] | Stores the mapping details of the risk assessment rating with the policy exception risk rating. |
| Policy to Entity Type [sn_compliance_m2m_policy_profile_type] | Extends Document to Entity Type [sn_grc_m2m_document_profile_type] and is a many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage the relationships between policies and entity types. |
| Control Objective to Citation [sn_compliance_m2m_statement_citation] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between control objectives and their related citations. |
| Control Objective to Entity Type [sn_compliance_m2m_statement_profile_type] | Extends Content to Entity Type [sn_grc_m2m_content_profile_type] and is a many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage the relationships between control objectives and entity type. |
| Control objective [sn_compliance_policy_statement] | Extends the Content [sn_grc_content] table and stores all control objectives. |
| Control objective requirement [sn_compliance_policy_stmt_requirement] | Stores the requirement number and the requirement description of a control objective requirement. |
| Control objective to Control objective requirement [sn_compliance_m2m_policy_stmt_policy_stmt_rqmt] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between control objective and control objective requirement. |
| Control requirement [sn_compliance_control_requirement] | Stores the requirement number of control |


---
*Page 376*

Tables installed (continued)
Table Description
Implementation status field gives the
information whether the requirement
is inherited or self implemented.
Requirement selection Stores the selections of control
requirements. It contains the details
[sn_compliance_hybrid_selection] of control requirements, control
objective, entity, and authorization
package.
Policy exception Stores all policy exceptions.
[sn_compliance_policy_exception]
Policy to Policy Statement Many-to-many relationship table
that is used to manage relationships
[sn_compliance_m2m_policy_policy_statement] between policy and control
objectives.
Control to entity [sn_compliance_m2m_control_entity] Extends Item to entity
[sn_grc_m2m_entity_item] table.
Note: All additional tables installed by the dependent plugins are also needed for Policy
and Compliance Management.
Access limitations for GRC business user role
The access control limitations (ACLs) or no role conditions with snc_internal role (or no role)
is replaced with sn_grc.business_user role to control the access level of different users to
compliance tables and also to track their usage.
GRC business user (sn_grc.business_user) role
GRC business user role is granted to users who could perform any GRC
operations. It is also granted to users with snc_internal role who have performed all
operations like creating policy exception, issues, and responding to attestations,
acknowledgements, and other operations. This role comes with installing GRC
Profiles plugin.
GRC business user – lite (sn_grc.business_user_lite) role
Users who could do limited operations with snc_internal role are considered
as lite operators. Such users are given the GRC business user – lite
(sn_grc.business_user_lite) role so as to track the lite usage of compliance tables
using the role. This role is granted through explicit roles plugin, GRC: Business User
– Lite, which can be installed by users with maint access or ServiceNow support
teams.
For more information on install, upgrade, and role assignments, see GRC Business User Role
[KB0864247] article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
Note: You must log in to Now Support to view the articles.
The access limitations of users with GRC business user role and other roles for different
compliance tables and other related tables are listed herewith. For more information, see the
Security tightenings for GRC: Policy and Compliance Management [KB1112315] article in the
Now Support Knowledge Base.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2073
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Implementation status field gives the information whether the requirement is inherited or self implemented. |
| Requirement selection [sn_compliance_hybrid_selection] | Stores the selections of control requirements. It contains the details of control requirements, control objective, entity, and authorization package. |
| Policy exception [sn_compliance_policy_exception] | Stores all policy exceptions. |
| Policy to Policy Statement [sn_compliance_m2m_policy_policy_statement] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between policy and control objectives. |
| Control to entity [sn_compliance_m2m_control_entity] | Extends Item to entity [sn_grc_m2m_entity_item] table. |


---
*Page 377*

Control Objective
•Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can read all control
objectives.
•If GRC: Audit Management application is installed and the control objective has
a published policy associated to it, then users with external auditor role can read
such control objectives.
•Users with business user lite have read access to report an issue or policy
exception.
Policy
•Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can read all policies.
•If GRC: Audit Management application is installed, users with external auditor role
can read all published policies.
•Users with business user lite have read access to policies so as to create policy
exceptions.
Policy to Control Objective M2M
•Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can read a policy to
control objective M2M record.
•If GRC: Audit Management application is installed, users with external auditor role
can read a policy to control objective M2M record if the policy is published.
Control [sn_compliance_control]
•Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can view a control.
•If GRC: Audit Management application is installed, users with external auditor role
can read a control.
Assessment Instance [asmt_assessment_instance]
•Users with GRC business user and business user lite role can view attestations
that are assigned to them.
•ServiceNow users with GRC business user or business user lite role can take
assessments.
•Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can view My Grouped
Attestations module.
•Users with GRC business user and business user lite role can view Group
Assessment UI and Ungroup Assessment UI actions.
•Users with GRC business user and business user lite role can view My
Attestations option in GRC application menu.
Assessment Metric Type [asmt_metric_type]
User role is set to GRC business user or business user lite if the evaluation is
attestation, the table is Policy Exception, and the role is empty.
Control Overview report
User with GRC reader role can view the control overview report.
Issue [sn_grc_issue]
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2074
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 378*

Report and View issues in Service Portal
Users with GRC business user role can report an issue and view their
reported issues in Service Portal. GRC business user is the minimum
role required to view My Issues in the Service Portal.
Read
Users with the following roles can view an issue:
•GRC user (sn_grc.user) role
•GRC business user or business user lite role. Furthermore, the user
must fulfil any one of the following conditions:
◦Assigned to field in the issue is the user.
◦Assigned to of the parent issue is the user or Assignment group
of the parent issue is one of the user's groups.
◦Assignment group is one of the user's groups. Additionally, the
user must also have the GRC business user role.
◦Issue manager is the user.
◦Issue manager group is one of the groups that belong to the
logged in user.
◦Control/Risk of the issue has an owner and the owner is the user.
◦Issue is created by the logged in user.
◦Issue is created out of an issue triage opened by the user.
◦Logged in user is the assignee or watchlist user on a remediation
task for the issue.
◦If GRC: Audit Management is installed, you are an external auditor
only; and an auditor on a closed engagement that had control test
issues or other issues, can view only those issues.
Write
If the user with the business user role is also the user designated in the
Assigned to field, then the user can edit:
•Name
•Description
•Issue manager
•Issue manager group
•Action plan
•State
•Parent issue
•Additional comments
•Work notes
•Response
•Explanation
If the user with the business user lite role is also the user designated in
the Assigned to field, then the user can edit:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2075
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 379*

•Issue manager
•Issue manager group
•State
•Parent issue
•Additional comments
•Work notes
•Response
•Explanation
Note: If users with business user and business user lite roles
have reported an issue, then they can add comments to the
issue. However, a GRC user can edit all issues.
View My Open Issues
Users with a minimum role of a GRC business user or business user lite
can view their open issues.
Issue grouping
Issue grouping is only open to users with GRC user role.
Send information
A minimum of GRC business user or business user lite role is required
to send information for the issue.
Issue Source [sn_grc_issue_source]
A minimum of GRC business user role is required to view and edit the Issue Source
table.
Remediation task [sn_grc_task]
•User in the Assigned to field of the Remediation task table must have a minimum
of GRC business user or business user lite role.
•For read access, users who have a remediation task assigned to them or who
are the watchlist users on the remediation task must have a GRC business user
or business user lite role. The Assigned to user of the issue, the issue manager
of the issue, or any user with GRC manager (sn_grc.manager) role can view a
remediation task.
•My Open Remediation Tasks is visible to users with a minimum role of GRC
business user or business user lite.
My Indicator Task [sn_grc_indicator_task]
Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can access My Indicator
Tasks.
Policy Acknowledgement
Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can:
•Acknowledge policies from ServiceNow AI Platform UI and Service Portal.
•View My Acknowledgements menu option in Service Portal.
•View Acknowledgement instances
[sn_compliance_policy_acknowledgement_instance] that are assigned to them.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2076
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 380*

Policy Exception [sn_compliance_policy_exception]
Users with GRC business user or business user lite role can:
•Raise Policy Exceptions from ServiceNow AI Platform and Service Portal.
•View policy exception. Users with read access include users who requested
policy exception, are present in watch list, and are verification approvers, final
approvers, impacted control owners, and compliance managers.
For more information, see:
•GRC Business user role [KB0864247] article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
•Governance, Risk, and Compliance License Compliance update [KB1096178] article in the
Now Support Knowledge Base.
Properties installed with GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
Properties are added with activation of GRC: Policy and Compliance Management.
Name Description
Entity hierarchy based scoring
•Type: true or false
sn_compliance.entity_hierarchy_based_scoring •Default value: false
•Location: All > Policy and
Compliance > Administration >
Properties
Trigger control attestations based on the created or
•Type: string
updated date of the last completed attestation
•Default value: Created date, Updated
sn_compliance.attestation_run_reference_date_field date
•Location: All > Policy and
Compliance > Administration >
Properties
States for which the control is active (the first state is Compliance administrators can change
the default active state) this setting.
•Type: string
sn_compliance.active_states
•Default value: draft, assess, review,
monitor
•Location: Policy and Compliance >
Administration > Properties
States for which control is inactive (the first state is Compliance administrators can change
the default inactive) this setting.
•Type: string
sn_compliance.closed_states
•Default value: retired
•Location: Policy and Compliance >
Administration > Properties
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2077
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entity hierarchy based scoring sn_compliance.entity_hierarchy_based_scoring | •Type: true or false •Default value: false •Location: All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |
| Trigger control attestations based on the created or updated date of the last completed attestation sn_compliance.attestation_run_reference_date_field | •Type: string •Default value: Created date, Updated date •Location: All > Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |
| States for which the control is active (the first state is the default active state) sn_compliance.active_states | Compliance administrators can change this setting. •Type: string •Default value: draft, assess, review, monitor •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |
| States for which control is inactive (the first state is the default inactive) sn_compliance.closed_states | Compliance administrators can change this setting. •Type: string •Default value: retired •Location: Policy and Compliance > Administration > Properties |
