# My Attestation Overview dashboard

*Pages 395–396 of source PDF*


---
*Page 395*

Title Type Description
Past due acknowledgements Bar chart Displays the total number of
past due acknowledgements
over a period of time.
Pending acknowledgements Bar chart Displays the total number of
pending acknowledgements
related to each policy.
Policy Exceptions Displays a list of policy
List List
exceptions opened for a
policy with details of the .
My Attestation Overview dashboard
The Assessment Overview dashboard displays various assessment reports, such as Assessable
Records by Type, Total Metrics by Metric Type, and Assessments by State. You can now view the
dashboard in the Next Experience UI Framework.
Important: Starting with version 18.1.1 of the Policy and Compliance Management
application, the My Attestations Overview dashboard is available in the Next Experience UI
Framework.
If you are on Vancouver or Washington DC, you can view the dashboard in the Next
Experience UI Framework.
My Attestation Overview dashboard in the Next Experience UI Framework
Required ServiceNow AI Platform role
Business user (sn_grc.business_user): To view the past due, current, and pending attestations.
Access the My Attestation Overview dashboard
To open the dashboard, navigate to All > Policy and Compliance > Controls > Analytics
Overview.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2092
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Title | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Past due acknowledgements | Bar chart | Displays the total number of past due acknowledgements over a period of time. |
| Pending acknowledgements | Bar chart | Displays the total number of pending acknowledgements related to each policy. |
| Policy Exceptions | List List | Displays a list of policy exceptions opened for a policy with details of the . |


---
*Page 396*

My Attestation Overview dashboard reports
Title Type Description
My Past Due Attestations Bar chart Total number of past due
attestations assigned to you
My Attestations Bar chart Total number of attestations
assigned to you, broken down
by state
My Pending Attestations A list of the pending
List
attestations assigned to you
GRC Attestation Overview dashboard
The GRC Attestation Overview dashboard provides views attestations assigned to you, as well as
pending and overdue attestations.
Important: Starting with version 18.1.1 of the Policy and Compliance Management
application, the GRC Attestation Overview dashboard reports can be viewed in the Next
Experience UI Framework.
To view the reports in the Next Experience UI Framework, see My Attestation Overview
dashboard.
Data visualizations
The GRC Attestation Overview dashboard contains the following visualizations:
Name Type Description
My Past Due Column Total number of past due attestations assigned to you
Attestations
My Attestations Column Total number of attestations assigned to you, broken down
by state
My Pending A list of the pending attestations assigned to you
List
Attestations
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2093
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Title | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| My Past Due Attestations | Bar chart | Total number of past due attestations assigned to you |
| My Attestations | Bar chart | Total number of attestations assigned to you, broken down by state |
| My Pending Attestations | List | A list of the pending attestations assigned to you |

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| My Past Due Attestations | Column | Total number of past due attestations assigned to you |
| My Attestations | Column | Total number of attestations assigned to you, broken down by state |
| My Pending Attestations | List | A list of the pending attestations assigned to you |


*Note: Pages 395–396 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
