# Continuous Authorization and Monitoring

Roles and their descriptions (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Note: If you use the
•Create a case type.
Smart Assessment
•Create a state model and
Engine for assessments
transitions.
of action tasks, then
•Create an assessment the following roles
template. are granted to the
Compliance case admin.
•Delete cases.
•sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
•Review the key
stakeholders, impacted •sn_smart_asmt.assessment_admin
areas, related areas,
•sn_grc.business_user
causes and consequences,
regulations, and issues that
are assigned to the case
analyst.
GRC employee users can NA
GRC Employee User create compliance cases and
requests from the Employee
[sn_grc_emp_user.grc​
Center.
_employee]
For more information, see https://www.servicenow.com/products/employee-center.html .
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring (CAM) employs the seven steps defined by the NIST
Risk Management Framework (RMF) to allow you to make better-informed decisions about your
security posture.
https://player.vimeo.com/video/1001739779?
h=ff3de57991&badge=0&autopause=0&app_id=58479
The video gives you an overview of the seven steps of the Risk Management Framework
mandated by the US government for federal agencies that help companies to identify and
eliminate risks to their infrastructure.

Get started
Explore Configure
The CAM application applies a Follow the steps in the checklist to
standardized approach to automating download CAM from the ServiceNow
NIST's Risk Management Framework (RMF). Store and get it ready for operation.
RMF Step 1 - Prepare RMF step 2 - Categorize
In the Prepare step, you set up In the Categorize step, you define
authorization boundaries, control the criticality or sensitivity of your
overlays, and information types, as well as information system according to
create the actual authorization package. potential worst-case scenarios.
RMF step 3 - Select controls RMF step 4 - Implement controls
When the impact levels for the After you have selected controls
package have been approved, it for implementation and performed
is time to select baseline controls. any of the possible actions on them,
you can implement the controls.
RMF steps 5, 6, and 7 Implementing controls and
assessment objectives
After you have implemented controls,
you can assess internal and external NIST 800-53A – assessment objectives are
controls, generate Plans of Action and included in the base system with the CAM
Milestones (POA&M), and manage application. The assessment objectives are
change requests and vulnerable items. mapped to revision 5 control objectives.