# Checklist for Continuous Authorization and Monitoring setup

Configuring CAM
Follow the steps in the checklist to download CAM from the ServiceNow Store and get it ready for
operation.
Configuration overview
1.Checklist for Continuous Authorization and Monitoring setup
The checklist includes the tasks that you must complete to prepare the base system.
2. Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first time
You download CAM from the ServiceNow Store.
3. Assign Continuous Authorization and Monitoring roles to users and groups
Assign roles to users and groups to prepare to use the CAM application.
Checklist for Continuous Authorization and Monitoring setup
The checklist includes the tasks that you must complete to prepare the base system.
Before you begin
Role required: admin, sn_irm_cont_auth.admin
Procedure
CAM Setup checklist.
Set up checklist for CAM
As a user with the System Administrator role, verify that you have the GRC core applications
installed on a ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
Note: The GRC applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance must be from the
same family release.
a.To verify that the GRC: GRC Profile application is installed on your instance, navigate to
Plugins and search for GRC Profile.
b.If the GRC Profile core application is not installed, select Install.
c.Also install the following applications as needed:
◦GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
◦GRC: Risk Management
◦GRC: Audit Management
d. After the applications have been installed, install the Continuous Authorization and
Monitoring core application.
If any application is not visible in your instance, you can download it from the ServiceNow
Store. For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC
core applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.