# Assign Continuous Authorization and Monitoring roles to users and groups

Set up checklist for CAM
As a user with the CAM Administrator role, assigned users with the required roles as described
in Assign Continuous Authorization and Monitoring roles to users and groups.
Result
You have successfully set up the CAM base system. The elements included in the base system
can be customized for your business needs. For more information, refer to the links in the
checklist.
Assign Continuous Authorization and Monitoring roles to users and groups
Assign roles to users and groups to prepare to use the CAM application.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > User Administration > Users.
2. Select the name of a user.
3. Select the Roles tab and then select Edit.
4.Move the roles that you want to assign to the user from the Collection side to the Roles List,
then select Save.
Roles are describe in CAM user roles.
5. Repeat the process for each user or group.
Note: If the Employee Operator plugin is installed, then each of these roles (such as
Authorization Official, Executive Reader, and Reader) is classified as a lite role.
Using CAM
To provide CAM services, you implement the seven steps defined by the NIST Risk Management
Framework (RMF), implement controls and assessment objectives, and perform continuous
authorization and monitoring.
1.RMF step 0 - Prepare the authorization package
In the Prepare step, you set up authorization boundaries, control overlays, and information
types, as well as create the actual authorization package.
2. RMF step 1 - Categorize the authorization package
In the Categorize step, you define the criticality or sensitivity of your information system
according to potential worst-case scenarios. This involves selecting NIST information types for
the package and using the information types to define the impact levels for the package.
3. RMF step 2 - Select controls for an authorization package
When the impact levels for the package have been approved, it is time to select baseline
controls.
4.RMF step 3 - Implement controls