# CAM user roles

Reports on the SCA Overview dashboard (continued)
Report Description
Audit Task Audit tasks grouped or stacked, or both, by task type, assigned user, top task,
Breakdown or state.
POA&M POA&Ms grouped or stacked, or both, by engagement, state, or response.
Breakdown
Control Test The number of completed control tests, broken down by overall control
Results effectiveness rating.
Engagement An overall count of audit engagements conducted for each entity. The chart is
Results stacked to display the overall audit results for each entity.
Overdue Audit List of open audit tasks that have exceeded the planned end date.
Tasks
CAM reference
Reference topics provide the detailed descriptions of tables, properties, forms, and roles that are
installed with the CAM application.
CAM user roles
Assign users and groups with roles to prepare them to user the CAM application.
Role permissions and responsibilities
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Authorization Official Responsible for accepting an
•sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
information system into an
(sn_irm_cont_auth.authorizationo_opffiercaitaiol)nal environment at a
known risk level.
The Authorization Official
is entitled to approve
and update authorization
packages.
Continuous Authorization and Responsible for all system
•sn_audit.manager
Monitoring administrator administration duties in the
CAM application. •sn_compliance.admin
(sn_irm_cont_auth.admin)
•sn_doc.admin
•sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
•sn_irm_cont_auth.scheduler
Executive Reader Read-only access to all sn_irm_cont_auth.reader.
modules of the CAM Users with this role can
(sn_irm_cont_auth.executive_reaadp)plication. access CAM Workspace.

Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Information Owner Responsible for statutory,
•sn_audit.user
management, or operational
(sn_irm_cont_auth.information_oawuntheor)rity and the •sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
establishment of policies
and procedures governing
its generation, collection,
processing, dissemination,
and disposal. The user can
also update information types
of an authorization package.
Information System Security Responsible for conducting
•sn_compliance.user
Manager information system security
management activities. They •sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
(sn_irm_cont_auth.info_system_sdeecv_emloapn aangde rm) aintain the
system-level cybersecurity
program.
Can update the authorization
package.
Information System Security Responsible for ensuring that
•sn_compliance.user
Officer the appropriate operational
security posture is maintained •sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
(sn_irm_cont_auth.info_system_sfoerc a_no ffiincfoerr)mation system.
Can update the authorization
package.
Reader Read-only role. Users with
•sn_audit.reader
this role can access CAM
(sn_irm_cont_auth.reader) Workspace. •sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
•sn_grc_workspace.user
•sn_compliance.reader
•sn_incident_read
•sn_change_read
•sn_vul.read_all
•sn_si.read
Scheduler Responsible for running sn_irm_cont_auth..system_owner
all scheduled jobs for the
(sn_irm_cont_auth.scheduler) application. This role is for a
technical user.
Security Control Assessor Responsible for conducting a
•sn_audit.manager
thorough assessment of the
(sn_irm_cont_auth.sec_control_amsasneassgoerm)ent, operational, •sn_compliance.user
and technical security
•sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
controls of an information
system.