# Control Requirement Details View

Role title [name] Description Contains roles
System Owner Responsible for procuring,
•sn_audit.user
developing, integrating,
(sn_irm_cont_auth.system_ownemr)odifying, operating, and •sn_compliance.user
maintaining an information
•sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
system.
System User Responsible for performing
•sn_audit.user
actual work in the system.
(sn_irm_cont_auth.system_user)They can update authorization •sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
boundaries, filter, elements,
•business user
milestones, and acceptance
tasks.
Control Requirement Details View
The CAM view of the Control form has fields that have been added to capture the control
requirement details.
To accommodate the control requirement details in the CAM view of a Control objective form a
Control objective requirements related list is added.
Note: The views of the Control objective form and Control form in the CAM view are
almost the same as the Control objective and Control forms used in Policy and Compliance
Management. However, some fields have been removed and some added in the forms to
capture the control requirement details.
CAM view of a Control objective form
CAM view of the Control objective form
Field Description
Reference Unique numerical identifier or the content reference number.
Family Control objectives grouped into a family.
Active Option to activate a control objective.
Family ID Unique identification for a family of control objectives.
Name Name of the control objective.
Source Source of the control objective, which is NIST 800-53 revision 5 for which the
test templates are provided.
Parent Control objective that is not a child of the current control objective. This
relationship is to avoid cyclic parent – child relationship.
Compliance Compliance score percentage calculated for this control objective and its color
Score (%) code:
•80 and higher in green
•80 to 50 in yellow
•below 50 in red

CAM view of the Control objective form (continued)
Field Description
Creates Option to indicate that controls are automatically created when an entity
controls is associated from the Additional entities related list by selecting Add
automatically relationship and the entity.
Create control Option to generate control requirements automatically for the control objective.
requirements
Note: If there are no control objective requirements, then there won’t be
any control requirements either.
Attestation Reference to the metric type. GRC Attestation is chosen by default.
Note: If the user changes the control attestation, the related control
objective attestation type is changed also.
Impact Potential impact to business functions because of loss of confidentiality,
integrity, or availability of target and data.
Organizational Security control definitions from NIST, which when designated as common
guidance control definitions by organizations, are inheritable by one or more
organizational targets.
Description Description of the control objective.
Supplemental If it is control objective sourced by NIST 800-53 revision 4, then a direction for
guidance the control objective implementation.
Discussion If it’s a control objective sourced by NIST 800-53 revision 5, then content-
related information that is sourced by NIST.
Control objectives are just guidelines and aren’t specific to an entity or any object. You can
link one control objective with any control objective requirement, and one control objective
requirement with any number of control objectives, as the relationship between the control
objective and the control objective requirement is many-to-many.
Control objective requirements related list
Field Description
Requirement number Requirement number of the control objective.
Active Option to make the requirement active.
Description Detailed description about the requirement for
the control objective.
In the Control objective requirements related list, you can select New to create a requirement for
the control objective if necessary, based on which requirements are generated. Or, select Edit to
add an existing control objective requirement to the control objective.
Note:
•If the control objective is in the Inactive state, you cannot create or add control objective
requirements. Therefore, New and Edit are not available.
•If the control objective requirement is inactive, you cannot add a control objective to the
control objective requirement.

CAM view of the Control form
CAM view of Control form
Field Description
Reference Unique identifier.
Name Name of the control.
Number Unique identification number of the control.
Entity Related entity.
Note: If you change the state of the entity to Active from Retired state,
then the manually created control on the entity also moves to the Draft
state.
Control Related control objective.
objective
Owner User who owns the policy.
Note: The owner is always added as a respondent. The control owner
that you select belongs to the owning group.
Status Control status. Possible choices are:
•Compliant
•Non-compliant
•Not applicable
State Control state. Possible choices are:
•Draft: When the control is created from a control objective, controls are in
this state. In this state, all compliance users can modify the control. Only
available when creating a one-off control. One-off controls are possible but
not recommended.
•Attest: When you select Attest and take attestations, the control moves to
this state.
Note: When a control is set back to draft, the attestation is canceled.
•Review: Controls are automatically moved to review from the attestation
phase.
•Monitor: In this state, all compliance managers can move the control from
review to monitor.

CAM view of Control form (continued)
Field Description
•Retired: Compliance managers or administrators can move a control from
Monitor to Retired.
Note: When a control is retired:
◦Associated indicators don’t run
◦Associated attestations are canceled
◦Changes to associated control objectives don’t update the control
Authorization The authorization package that the control is associated with or originating
package from.
Frequency List of options:
•Event Driven
•Daily
•Weekly
•Monthly
•Quarterly
•Semi-Annually
•Annually
Attestation is sent based on the value selected for the control or control
requirement.
Note: For information on the difference between the Frequency
field for a control and the Attestation Frequency field in an entity, see
KB0694607 .
Weighting Value used when calculating control score effectiveness.
Owning group Group that owns the policy.
Control Type of control that is created: either system-specific or hybrid.
allocation
Description Description of the control.
Discussion Content-related information from NIST 800-53 revision 5.
Supplemental If it’s a control sourced by NIST 800-53 revision 4, then a direction for the
guidance control implementation.
Implementation An explanation on how the control will be implemented.
statement
This information is required if the control is created from an authorization
package and in the Draft state.
Attestation

CAM view of Control form (continued)
Field Description
Take attestation Option to send attestations at the control requirement level and not at the
at requirement control level.
level
Attestation
Select from a list of options.
•Other attestation types can be configured.
•If this field is populated, then the Attestation Respondents value is
required, and the owner is made the respondent.
Note: If the user changes the attestation type in the control objective,
all related controls are also changed.
Attestation
respondents
•Users assigned to the attestation of this control.
•Only a user with the sn_grc.user role can be added as a respondent.
Note: When both the Attestation and Attestation respondents fields
are set, attestations are created when you select Attest.
Activity Journal
Additional Public information about the control.
comments
Activities Message logs of control state change.
Control requirements related list
Field Description
Number Control requirement's unique number.
Requirement number Reference number.
Control Control to which the control requirement is
associated.
Status Status of the control requirement.
State Requirement state.
Frequency Control frequency.
Description Description of the control requirement.
Attestation
Attestation Attestation metric type.
Attestation respondents Users who attest the control requirement.
Activity Journal
Additional comments Information about the control requirement.