# Compliance impact on control requirements

Control requirements related list (continued)
Field Description
When the control objective requirement is
dissociated, that is removed or deleted, the
control requirement becomes manual. This
information is logged in this field.
Activities Message logs of control requirement's state
change.
Compliance impact on control requirements
Control objective requirements are created for a control objective. The control requirements are
generated for all the controls that are associated with a control objective. However, a control
or a control requirement can become non-compliant because of an attestation failure or issue
creation at either of the two levels.
Associating an issue to a control requirement and its impact on control status
An issue can be created for a control requirement through an attestation. You can enable the
Take attestation at requirement level option to send out the attestations for all the control
requirements instead of sending an attestation for the control at the control level. The Take
attestation at requirement level option is in the Attestation related list of the Control form.
If the attestation fails, then an issue is created. The issue created because of an attestation
failure has the Issue source field tagged as Requirement Attestation Failure.
You can view the control requirement reference in the Control/Risk field of the Details related list
in the Issue form.
You can close the issue by providing a response and saving it in the Issue form. Your response
can be either Remediate or Accept.
•If you select Remediate and set the state of the issue to Closed Complete, then the control
requirement becomes compliant, provided there is no other open issue on the control
requirement.
•If you select Accept, then you imply that the issue still exists and that you accept it. In
this case, even if you close the issue with no other open issues, the status of the control
requirement is still non-compliant.
Therefore, to make the control requirement status compliant you must set your response to
Remediate and not Accept.
Whenever the control requirement becomes non-compliant, the control also becomes non-
compliant. When the status of the control requirement becomes compliant, there are two more
criteria to be checked at the control level:
•There should be no open issue on the control.
•Not even one control requirement of the control must be non-compliant.
If these two conditions are satisfied, then the status of the control becomes compliant.
Otherwise, the status of the control remains non-compliant despite the control requirements
status being compliant.

•If the control and control requirements are in Draft or Attest state, then you can pass the
attestation to make the control and control requirement compliant.
•If the control and control requirements are in the Review or Monitor state, you can move the
state Back to attest and pass the attestation to make the control and control requirements
compliant.
•If the control requirement is in Monitor or Retired state, then you cannot create an issue for the
control requirement.
Impact of indicator test and control test on the control requirement status
A control requirement can become non-compliant because of an issue that is created as a
result of an attestation failure on this control requirement. If there is no open issue on the control
or even if you close the issue that existed, the control requirement remains non-compliant.
Although the indicator task Result is Passed, the control remains non-compliant because one
of the control requirements of the control is non-compliant. You must explicitly make the control
requirement of the control as compliant, and then when the indicator test is passed, then the
control becomes compliant.
The same is the case for a control test also.
Changes in control state and its impact on control requirements
Draft
All control requirements are generated when the control is in Draft state.
When the control moves to Draft state, the associated control requirements also
move to Draft state.
Attest
When the control moves to Attest state from any other state, then all the control
requirements of the control also move to Attest state irrespective of the Take
attestation at requirement level option.
Note: When you select Attest, you have the option to take a single
attestation at the control level or take multiple attestations at the control
requirements level, which is guided by the Take attestation at requirement
level option.
Review
For control-level attestation, when the Take attestation at requirement level option
is not selected, after attestation is complete the control moves to Review state.
Simultaneously all associated control requirements of the control move to Review
state.
For control requirement level attestation, when the Take attestation at requirement
level option is selected, then the attestation is sent to all the Attestation
respondents of all the control requirements individually. When the attestation is
completed, irrespective of the attestation outcome as Pass or Fail at the control
requirement level, the control requirement moves to Review state. If the attestation
passes, the status of the control requirement becomes compliant, and if it fails, the
control requirement becomes non-compliant. After the attestation is completed for
all the control requirements and when they all are in Review state, then the control
moves to the Review state.
Monitor