# Fields on the Authorization Boundary form

When the control moves to Monitor state, the associated control requirements also
move to Monitor state.
Control requirements remain in the Monitor state as long as the control remains
Active and hasn’t moved back to Draft or Attest state.
Retired
When the control is Retired, the control requirements move to Retired state.
Deleting a control removes or deletes all the control requirements associated with
the control.
For more information on attestation flow scenarios, see the Attestation workflow for Control and
Control requirements [KB0555561] article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
Impact of inherited requirements on the life cycle of a control
1.If one of the control requirements becomes non-compliant, then the corresponding control is
also non-compliant.
2. If one of the inherited control requirements becomes non-compliant, then the control is also
non-compliant.
3. If an attestation for a control fails, an issue is created, and the control becomes non-compliant.
4.If an attestation for a control requirement fails, an issue is created, and the control requirement
becomes non-compliant. So, the associated control also becomes non-compliant.
5. If one of the inherited control requirements of a hybrid control retires in such a condition, an
automated issue is created. The reason for issue creation is reflected in the Issue source field
of the Issue form as Provider Control Retired. An appropriate message is also logged in the
Activity related list of the Issue form. To resolve the issue, you can either change the common
control provider or convert the control requirement to self implemented.
6.If the control is in Draft state and one of its requirements is retired, then you cannot move the
control from Draft to Attest state.
Note: For more information, see the Operational changes and their impact on the process
flow of control and its requirements [KB1587264] article in the Now Support Knowledge
Base.
Fields on the Authorization Boundary form
An authorization boundary defines the scope of a particular system that can be continuously
managed and monitored using the CAM application.
Authorization Boundary form
Field Description
Name A unique and descriptive name for this boundary.
Description A description for this boundary.
Operational Option to set the status of the boundary. The operational status:
status
•Under development
•Reauthorize