# Fields on the Authorization Package form

Authorization Boundary form (continued)
Field Description
•Operational
•Decommissioned
Mission Option to set the boundary as mission-critical.
critical
System The individual responsible for procuring, developing, integrating, modifying,
owner operating, and maintaining an information system.
Information The individuals responsible for statutory, management, and operational authority.
owners
System The users responsible for performing the actual work on the system.
users
Diagrams If needed, or if you do not have a Configuration Management Database (CMDB),
add data flow, network, and boundary diagrams.
Fields on the Authorization Package form
After you have defined the authorization boundaries for the assets or systems to send through
the Authorization to Operate process, you must create an authorization package for that purpose.
The package is processed through the seven steps mandated by the RMF.
Authorization Package
Field Description
Number Auto-generated authorization package number.
Name A name for the package.
Acronym If needed, an acronym for identifying the package.
Missions/ The appropriate business process for this authorization package. Business
Business processes are defined on the ServiceNow AI Platform; for example, at Policy &
processes Compliance > Scoping > Business Processes.
Active Activate the authorization package.
Step The RMF step currently assigned to the package.
Authorization The authorization boundary for this package.
boundary
System The purpose behind this authorization package.
purpose
800-53 The NIST version for the authorization package.
version
Roles and Responsibilities
CAM roles that are required for particular tasks are listed in CAM user roles.