# Information objects in Privacy Management

*Pages 14–14 of source PDF*


---
*Page 14*

For information about configuring your own RAMs, see Create a Risk Assessment Methodology.
Base Risk Assessment Methodologies
The Privacy Management application provides the following RAMs in the Draft state:
•Automated criticality factors
•Criticality assessment
•Privacy Risk Assessment
Note: Starting with the Australia release, you can publish up to three Risk Assessment
Methodologies.
Privacy assessment configurations
To perform a processing activity criticality and privacy risk assessment, two risk assessment
methodologies (RAMs) are provided by default.
The RAM is a configuration or a record in the risk assessment engine. It is a part of the Advanced
Risk application. The RAM is used for assessing either the risks or objects in your organization.
A configured RAM is an object with associated assessment types that have associated factors.
This allows an organization to have different methodologies for assessing risk. To understand
more about the factors or questions used in the assessments, refer to Factors in Advanced Risk
Assessment.
The privacy-specific RAM records have the Domain field set to Privacy. As a privacy
administrator, you can make a copy of the default RAMs and modify them. To understand more
about RAM configurations, refer to Configure a risk assessment methodology. To understand
how you can make a copy of a RAM, refer to and Copy a risk assessment methodology.
Note: Because only two RAMs are permitted for use at a time, you must retire the old
criticality RAM and publish the new RAM to utilize the criticality automation.
It is important to consider the following points when performing risk assessments.
•In the Privacy domain, you can only modify a RAM. Creation of a RAM is not permitted.
•Only two active RAMs are allowed. If you must copy or modify more than two RAMs, you must
retire one.
•The RAM can be configured and its order can be modified according to your requirements.
•Users with the following roles can perform the privacy-related criticality and detailed privacy
risk assessments.
◦Privacy business user (sn_privacy.business_user)
◦Privacy analyst who owns the processing activity
◦Privacy assessment responder (sn_privacy.assessment_responder)
◦Privacy manager (sn_privacy.manager)
Information objects in Privacy Management
The purpose of an information object is to logically describe the type of data that is exchanged
between an application and a database.
To determine which information objects process personal data, you can classify the information
objects as Personal information. For more details on how to classify an information object, see
Classify information objects as personal information.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2116
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
