# Configure smart assessment templates for screening assessments

*Pages 32–32 of source PDF*


---
*Page 32*

5. In the Data Classification field, select Personal Information.
6.Select Save.
Result
The information object that you classified as personal information appears in the [PI] Information
Objects list.
Configure smart assessment templates for screening assessments
Create a privacy assessment template using the Smart Assessment Engine as a base for
sending screening assessments and use it to detect the privacy risks and mitigate those risks.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Lists > Configure privacy
management > Assessment template configuration.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Create Assessment template configuration form
Field Description
Name Name of the configuration. For example,
Privacy Screening Assessment
Configuration.
Smart assessment template Smart assessment template for which you're
adding the configurations.
Note: A template can be mapped to
only one classification.
Classification Logical grouping of the template. The choices
are as follows.
◦Initial Assessment
◦Privacy Impact Assessment
Select Initial Assessment.
Description Description of the assessment. This
description is displayed to the responder
during the assessment.
All information object categories Option to display either all the information
object categories or a subset of the
information object categories during the
assessment.
Note: This option is applicable if you
add the Data elements subsection that
is not part of the screening assessment.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2134
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the configuration. For example, Privacy Screening Assessment Configuration. |
| Smart assessment template | Smart assessment template for which you're adding the configurations. Note: A template can be mapped to only one classification. |
| Classification | Logical grouping of the template. The choices are as follows. ◦Initial Assessment ◦Privacy Impact Assessment Select Initial Assessment. |
| Description | Description of the assessment. This description is displayed to the responder during the assessment. |
| All information object categories | Option to display either all the information object categories or a subset of the information object categories during the assessment. Note: This option is applicable if you add the Data elements subsection that is not part of the screening assessment. |

| Privacy Screening Assessment |
| --- |
| Configuration |
