# Map a table with a processing activity

*Pages 45–45 of source PDF*


---
*Page 45*

Map a table with a processing activity
®
Keep your processing activity updated and in sync with any table in ServiceNow by mapping
the entity fields with the processing activity.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
A processing activity is associated with a CMDB table record such as a business process
record or a business application record. Whenever a CMDB record is updated, the respective
processing activity must also be updated so that the privacy teams can apply the controls based
on the updates to the processing activity. Using the Sync fields button on the processing activity
form the privacy managers and analysts can update the processing activity. The processing
activity is updated based on the configurations available in the processing activity mapping.
When the Sync fields button is selected, only the fields that are mapped with the processing
activity are updated.
When mapping a Processing activity field with a Mapping field, it is important to note that the
following mapping combinations are supported:
•String to String
•Reference type to the same Reference type
•True or False
•Integer to Integer and String
Additionally, ensure that there is valid data for both the fields. For example, if there are filter
conditions applied in the Processing activity field, these must match the filter conditions in the
Mapping field.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Configure privacy management > Processing activity
mapping.
2. Click New.
3. In the Mapping table field, select Business Application.
4.In the Description field, provide a brief description of the table.
5. Click Save.
The Processing activity field mappings related list appears.
6.Click the Processing activity field mappings related list.
a.Click New.
b.In the Processing activity field, select the field of the processing activity form that you want
to map with the business application table field.
c.In the Mapping field, select the field of the business application table field that you want to
map with the processing activity field.
d. Click Save.
Result
The mapping is successfully created. The fields that are mapped will be populated in the
processing activity form.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2147
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
