# Using Privacy Management

*Pages 46–81 of source PDF*


---
*Page 46*

Using Privacy Management
As a privacy analyst or a privacy manager, you can identify which business applications or
processes store and use personal information.
Entity scoping to plan a privacy program
When a privacy manager plans the privacy program for an organization, the first step is to scope
those business applications or processes that contain personal data. In Governance, Risk, and
Compliance, these business applications or business processes are called as entities. After
you identify the entities processing personal data, the processing activities are automatically
created.
A privacy manager, with the role sn_privacy_manager, plans various privacy programs. Some
examples of the privacy programs are:
•Identifying all the business processes and vendors that process personal data of customers.
•Identifying business applications that process personal data of employees.
All the inventory related to business processes, applications, vendors, or business services is
stored in the respective Configuration Management Database (CMDB) tables. The respective
business owners manage this inventory.
You can identify or discover entities that process personal data by using one of the following
methods.
•Filtering the entities either by discovering the processing activities by their usage of personal
information.
•Sending initial privacy assessments.
Both these methods are explained in the following sections.
Discover processing activities by their usage of personal information
At an inventory level, when business processes, business applications, and
other inventory records are mapped with information objects of type Personal
information (PI), the privacy manager can discover those records that process
specific PI information. For details about information objects and their role in
Privacy Management, see Information objects in Privacy Management.
The following image shows a business process with information objects associated
with it. To identify such business applications or processes associated with
information objects, the enhanced entity filter capability in the entity scoping
functionality is used. For more information, see Scope entities to discover
processing activities with personal information.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2148
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 47*

Business process with associated information objects
Identify potential entities and sending initial privacy assessments
If the information objects are not mapped to the business applications or
processes, you can send initial privacy assessments to all the entities and use their
responses to determine if personal data is being processed. The steps to send the
assessment are as follows:
1.Create an Entity type. For example, Business processes that process
customer personal information or Business applications
that store employee information.
2. Identify entities using Entity Type you created.
3. Select the relevant entities and send privacy screening assessments to the
respective entity owners.
4.Based on the responses, processing activities are created automatically when
relevant questions are answered.
Sending privacy assessments to entities
After the entities are scoped, then, in the applications, only those entities appear that contain
personal information.
Scope entities to discover processing activities with personal information
®
Determine which entities have and process personal information using the ServiceNow
Configuration Management Database (CMDB) application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2149
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| customer personal information | or | Business applications |
| --- | --- | --- |
| that store employee information |  |  |


---
*Page 48*

Before you begin
Ensure that you created the CMDB queries. For more information on the CMDB queries, see
Querying the CMDB .
Role required: sn_privacy.manager
About this task
In the Configuration Management Database (CMDB), you can search the database for entities
that process personal data using one of the following methods:
•Using the predefined queries and selecting only those applications and processes that have
associated information objects. For more information about information objects and their role
in Privacy Management, see Information objects in Privacy Management. For information on
how to scope entities with personal information, see Scope entities to discover processing
activities with personal information
•Building your own query. For more information on building the CMDB queries, see Querying
the CMDB
To filter entities that contain personal data, you must filter the entities using the appropriate
®
queries. ServiceNow provides two default queries for you to use to filter entities with personal
data. The default queries are provided for the following tables:
•Business process
•Business application
You can also create your own queries. This procedure demonstrates using the default queries.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Scoping > Entity types.
2. Open the entity you want to filter for personal information.
3. Click the Entity Filters related list.
4.Click New.
The Entity Filter form is displayed.
5. In the Filter conditions section, in the Entity filter type field, select Select from predefined
queries.
6.In the Query field, select Business applications by IO.
The Table field is automatically set.
7.Optional: To add more information objects that contain personal information such as email
address, click Information objects and type Email.
8.Click Submit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2150
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 49*

Example:
Usage of predefined queries
Types of privacy assessments
Privacy assessments can be sent using various methods such as entities, entity types, and
processing activities.
Multiple types of privacy assessments such as privacy screening assessment, privacy impact
assessment, transfer impact assessment, and so on can be configured according to your
requirements.
Initiating privacy assessments for an entity or a processing activity
To discover whether a business process or an application is processing personal data, you
can use privacy screening assessments. To regularly assess how processing activities are
processing personal data, you can use privacy assessments such as privacy impact assessment
(PIA).
Privacy screening assessment
Conducting a privacy screening assessment helps you discover whether the entity is processing
personal information or not.
You can send the privacy screening assessments in the following ways:
•From the entity record only when a processing activity is not available.
•From the entities related list in entity types.
When you initiate privacy screening assessments for entities, processing activities are created
based on the responses submitted by the entity owners.
Note: The processing activity creation rules can be configured based on the screening
assessment responses.
After a processing activity is created, based on the assessment configurations, the following
events occur:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2151
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 50*

1.The necessary information objects are mapped to the processing activity record. To
understand more about information objects and their uses, see Information objects.
2. The necessary controls are mapped to the processing activity record.
3. Critical assessment responses such as the purpose of the processing activity, data subject
type and so on are copied over to the processing activity record.
Note: If you accidentally send an assessment and the assessment is not completed, you
can cancel the assessment.
Privacy assessments
When processing activity records are identified, to understand how a processing activity is
processing personal information, various types of privacy assessments such as privacy impact
assessments (PIA) and transfer impact assessment (TIA) are sent. You can trigger PIAs from
a single processing activity record. For more information, see Send a privacy assessment
from a processing activity. Alternatively, you can send privacy impact assessments to multiple
processing activities, using the Entity type capability or from the processing activity list view.
For more information on how to send an assessment to multiple entities, see Send a privacy
assessment to multiple entities.
Related topics
Send a privacy assessment to multiple entities
Send a privacy assessment from an entity
Send a privacy assessment to an entity owner to determine if there's personal data involved in
the processing activities.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
You can send a privacy screening assessment from an entity if you do not have a processing
activity created for that entity. After a processing activity is created for an entity, any further
assessments can only be sent through the processing activity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Scoping > My entities.
2. Select and open the entity from which you want to send the assessments to the entity owner.
3. Select Initiate privacy assessments.
The Send privacy assessment dialog box opens.
4.Provide the required information such as the template to use, the due date, and so on in the
dialog box.
The description of the assessment is automatically fetched from the description provided at
the time of the assessment template configuration. You can modify the description as required.
5. Select Send.
New privacy assessment creation form
Use the fields on the new privacy assessment creation form to create a new privacy assessment.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2152
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 51*

Create a new privacy assessment creation form fields
New privacy assessment creation form
Field Description
Privacy assessment
Number Privacy assessment number. This field is
automatically set.
Title Name of the privacy assessment.
Requester Name of the person requesting the
assessment.
Assessment template Template to be used for the assessment.
State State of the assessment. This field is
automatically set to Draft.
Priority Priority of the assessment.
Description Description of the assessment.
Assignment
Assignee Name of the person who will take the
assignment.
Reviewers Names of the persons who will review the
assessment. You can select multiple reviewers
in this field.
Schedule
Due date Date by which the assessment would be
completed.
Accepted date Date the assessment is accepted. This field is
read-only and displays the date only when the
task is accepted.
Created Date the assessment is created. This field is
read-only.
Task closure date Date when the assessment task is closed. This
field is read-only and displays the date only
when the task is closed.
Summary
Observations Observations about the assessment.
Activity
Work notes (Private) Work notes for the assessment.
Additional comments (Customer visible) Comments for updating this assessment.
Send a privacy assessment to multiple entities
Send the privacy screening assessment or the Privacy impact assessment (PIA) assessments to
multiple entities to understand why and how personal data is being processed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2153
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Privacy assessment |  |
| Number | Privacy assessment number. This field is automatically set. |
| Title | Name of the privacy assessment. |
| Requester | Name of the person requesting the assessment. |
| Assessment template | Template to be used for the assessment. |
| State | State of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft. |
| Priority | Priority of the assessment. |
| Description | Description of the assessment. |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignee | Name of the person who will take the assignment. |
| Reviewers | Names of the persons who will review the assessment. You can select multiple reviewers in this field. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Date by which the assessment would be completed. |
| Accepted date | Date the assessment is accepted. This field is read-only and displays the date only when the task is accepted. |
| Created | Date the assessment is created. This field is read-only. |
| Task closure date | Date when the assessment task is closed. This field is read-only and displays the date only when the task is closed. |
| Summary |  |
| Observations | Observations about the assessment. |
| Activity |  |
| Work notes (Private) | Work notes for the assessment. |
| Additional comments (Customer visible) | Comments for updating this assessment. |


---
*Page 52*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > List > Scoping > Entity types.
2. Select the entity types that contain the entities for which you want to send the assessments.
3. Select the entities related list.
4.Select the check box against the required entities.
5. Click Send privacy assessments.
6.From the Classification field, select the type of assessment.
7.From the Assessment template field, select the template you want to use.
8.In the Due Date field, select the due date for completing the assessment.
9.Click Send.
Result
The assessment is sent to the entity owners.
Send a privacy assessment from a processing activity
Send a privacy assessment to a processing activity owner from a processing activity record to
collect more information on why and how the processing activity is using personal information.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All
processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity from which you want to send a privacy assessment.
3. Click Initiate privacy assessments.
You are redirected to the Create new privacy assessment form.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
For an explanation of the fields, refer to the New privacy assessment creation form
5. Select Update state.
a.In the State field, select Assigned.
b.In the Additional comments field, provide comments for the person taking the assessment.
c.Select Submit.
Result
The assessment is sent to the entity owner.
Send privacy assessments from multiple processing activities
Send multiple privacy assessments from multiple processing activities. This capability enables
you to filter the processing activities by business units, locations, data subjects, and data types.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2154
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 53*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All
processing activities.
2. Select the processing activities from which you want to send assessments.
3. Select Send privacy assessments.
4.From the Classification field, select the type of assessment.
5. From the Assessment template field, select the template you want to use.
6.In the Due Date field, select the due date for completing the assessment.
7.Click Send.
Create a Risk Assessment Methodology
Configure a risk assessment methodology (RAM) in the Privacy Management application so that
you can assess the risks in your organization.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.admin
About this task
Create a standardized method to support risk-based decision-making across departments,
projects, and systems. By using a RAM, your organization can have different methodologies for
assessing risks.
After you move a RAM to the Retired state, you can also move it back to the Draft state if you
want to make some changes later. You can only move a RAM to the Draft state if it doesn’t have
any assessments in the Monitor state or the Closed state. When you move a RAM back to the
Draft, the on-going assessments and the associated scopes are deleted.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Risk Assessments > Risk assessment
methodologies.
2. On the Risk Assessment Methodology page, select New.
3. On the form, fill the details.
For a description of the field values on the risk assessment methodology form, see Risk
Assessment Methodology form.
4.Right-click and save the form.
5. To configure the various assessments, select one of the following options.
Choice Related link
Configure inherent assessment See Configure an inherent assessment.
See Configure a control effectiveness assess­
Configure control effectiveness
ment
Configure residual assessment See Configure a residual assessment
Configure target assessment See Configure a target assessment
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2155
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Related link |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 54*

6.Select Publish.
Note: After a new assessment is created on the same risk and the assessment is in the
Monitor state, the other assessments automatically move to the Completed state. When
an assessment instance is in the Monitor state, you can’t move the RAM back to the
Draft state. A RAM can only be moved back to the Draft state if there are no assessment
instances.
Result
A new Risk Assessment Methodology is created and is available for use.
Risk assessment methodology form
Use the Risk Assessment Methodology form in the Core UI to create a risk assessment
methodology (RAM).
Risk Assessment Methodology form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk assessment methodology.
For example, Data Risk Evaluation.
Assess Select the assessment context:
•Risk
•Object
Applicable entity classes Unlock this field and add the entity classes for
which you want to create the risk assessment
methodology.
Workflows Specify the assessments and workflow
that are performed in the risk assessment
methodology. Depending on the options
selected, the corresponding assessment type
and workflows are enabled.
Rollup Configurations
Calculate ALE based on Select the basis for calculating ALE:
•Sum
•Average
•Maximum
•Minimum
Calculate score based on Select the basis for calculating score:
•Average
•Maximum
•Minimum
Risk Response Configurations Make the required selections.
Business Rules and Validations
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2156
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk assessment methodology. For example, Data Risk Evaluation. |
| Assess | Select the assessment context: •Risk •Object |
| Applicable entity classes | Unlock this field and add the entity classes for which you want to create the risk assessment methodology. |
| Workflows | Specify the assessments and workflow that are performed in the risk assessment methodology. Depending on the options selected, the corresponding assessment type and workflows are enabled. |
| Rollup Configurations |  |
| Calculate ALE based on | Select the basis for calculating ALE: •Sum •Average •Maximum •Minimum |
| Calculate score based on | Select the basis for calculating score: •Average •Maximum •Minimum |
| Risk Response Configurations | Make the required selections. |
| Business Rules and Validations |  |


---
*Page 55*

Risk Assessment Methodology form (continued)
Field Description
Final comment is required Select the basis for final comment:
•None
•Always
•On breach of appetite
•On breach of tolerance
Automatically create issue Select the basis for creating the issue
automatically:
•None
•On breach of appetite
•On breach of tolerance
Reference Information Make the required selections.
Other Configurations
Advance reminder (days) Enter the number of days for which you want to
set an advanced reminder.
Overdue reminder (days) Enter the number of days for which you want to
set an overdue reminder.
Risk identification Select the basis for identifying risk:
•None
•From Library
•Ad-hoc
•From Library and Ad-hoc
Other options Make the required selections for the remaining
options.
Respond to a privacy smart assessment
Respond to either a screening assessment or an impact assessment from the Assessment
Workspace. The assessment results help to understand the potential privacy risks and their
mitigation measures.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.business_user
About this task
A screening assessment is the first assessment that is sent to any responder to determine if
the privacy teams need to be aware of any application that processes personal data. If there is
personal data involved, then an impact assessment is sent to the key stakeholders. While the
screening assessment only has the General section for questions, the impact assessment has
two sections: Personal data and Questionnaire. Under the Personal data section, you find the
following sections:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2157
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Final comment is required | Select the basis for final comment: •None •Always •On breach of appetite •On breach of tolerance |
| Automatically create issue | Select the basis for creating the issue automatically: •None •On breach of appetite •On breach of tolerance |
| Reference Information | Make the required selections. |
| Other Configurations |  |
| Advance reminder (days) | Enter the number of days for which you want to set an advanced reminder. |
| Overdue reminder (days) | Enter the number of days for which you want to set an overdue reminder. |
| Risk identification | Select the basis for identifying risk: •None •From Library •Ad-hoc •From Library and Ad-hoc |
| Other options | Make the required selections for the remaining options. |


---
*Page 56*

•Data elements: This section displays the information object categories and each information
object that belongs to that category. Based on your selection during template configuration,
you can view either all information object categories or only the selected ones.
•Hierarchy: In this section, the responders specify the source and the destination of data.
•Legal basis: In this section, the responders specify the lawful basis on which the data is
processed. For example, an information is processed for legal obligations. Here, you can
specify the granular levels of the create, read, update, delete operations that can be performed
on the data and also where is the data coming from and where is being sent.
Because the assessments use the Smart Assessment Engine, the responders can see the
detailed description of each question and the guidance that helps the responder in answering
the questions.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self Service > Employee Center > My active items > GRC tasks > My to-dos
> My pending tasks > Privacy assessments.
2. Select and open the assessment you want to take.
The assessment opens in the Assessment Workspace.
3. To take the assessment, select Start.
4.Optional: To reassign the assessment, select Reassign.
You can only reassign the assessment to a user who has the privilege to respond to an
assessment and is a key stakeholder.
5. If responding to a screening assessment, respond to the questions in the questionnaire.
6.To view the guidance for a question, select View guidance at the bottom of the question.
7.Select Submit.
8.Optional: If responding to an impact assessment, on the Personal data section, provide the
responses for Data elements, Hierarchy, and Legal basis.
a.Select Move to questionnaire
b.Select Submit.
c.On the confirmation box, select Submit.
9.To view your responses after submission, on the assessment page, select View.
Result
After an assessment is submitted, the privacy team receives a notification about the assessment
submission. The team can then choose to either act on it or reject it based on their analysis. If the
privacy team closes the assessment, then a processing activity gets created.
Respond to a privacy screening assessment
As an entity owner or a processing activity key stakeholder, respond to the privacy assessment
that is initiated by the privacy lead.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.assessment_responder, sn_privacy.business_user
About this task
While responding to an assessment, you can reassign the assessment to another user even
if you have started the assessment. When you reassign the partially completed privacy
assessment to another user, the data that is already provided also gets copied over and is
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2158
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 57*

available when the new assignee takes the assessment. This data can be modified by the new
assignee.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self Service > Employee Center > My active items > GRC tasks > My to-dos.
2. Open the assessment assigned to you.
3. Perform one of the following actions.
Choice Action
a.Select Accept work.
Note: Accepting the work creates an
assessment instance.
b.In the Confirmation dialog box, provide
your comments for the assessment.
To take the assessment c.Select Accept work.
Note: The privacy assessment
moves to Work in progress.
d. Select Take assessment.
e. Respond to the questionnaire.
f.Select Submit.
a.Select Reassign.
b.In the Reassign privacy assessment dia­
logue box, select an assignee.
Note: You can only reassign the as­
sessment to a user who is a key stake­
To reassign the assessment
holder and should have the privilege
to respond to an assessment.
c.In the Additional comments field, provide
the reason for reassignment.
d. Select Reassign.
Result
The responses are captured in the respective entity and the processing activity. The responses
are then reviewed by the privacy teams.
Review a privacy assessment
As a privacy analyst, review a privacy assessment after the responders submit the assessment.
You can either close the assessment after a review or you can also request for revision if you
determine that the assessment requires more information.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2159
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Action |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 58*

About this task
As a reviewer, you can also preview the assessment with the applicable risk statements,
information objects, and control objectives.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Tasks.
2. Select and open the privacy assessment that you want to review.
3. Select View response.
4.Review the assessment responses.
5. To request for more information from the responder, select Request for revision.
6.To mark the assessment as complete, select Update state.
a.In the State field, select Closed complete.
b.In the Additional comments field, provide any additional information.
c.Select Submit.
Create or update a processing activity
Manually create a processing activity or update a processing activity that is automatically
created out of a privacy screening assessment. You can also update a processing activity that is
created from an entity record. When you update a processing activity, you can fill in the relevant
details about the personal data that is being processed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
You can create a processing activity in two ways:
•Manually create a processing activity for a business application or process that handles
personal data.
•Update a processing activity that was automatically created when a privacy screening
assessment determined that personal data is being processed. Screening assessments
include automation rules that create processing activities based on specific responses. To
configure automation in your assessment template, refer to Post-assessment automations.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following.
Action Procedure
a.Navigate to All > Privacy Management >
Processing activities > All processing ac­
To create a new processing activity
tivities.
b.Click New.
a.Navigate to All > Privacy Management >
Privacy Workspace > List > My items >
To update a processing activity Processing activities.
b.Open the processing activity that you want
to update.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2160
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Action | Procedure |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 59*

2. On the form, fill in the fields.
New processing activity form
Field Description
Name Name of the processing activity.
Processing Business justification or reason for using an application or a process that stores
activity personal data.
purpose
Number Number of the processing activity. This field is automatically set.
Privacy Analyst responsible for the processing activity.
analyst
Business Business unit of the processing activity.
unit
Department Department of the processing activity.
Processing Context of the processing activity such as a business application or a business
activity type process.
Entity Entity of the processing activity.
Applies to Reference record used to create the processing activity record.
record
Owned by Owner of the processing activity.
Data Defines if a processing activity is a data controller or a data processor.
processing
role
Processing Status of the processing activity. The choices are as follows:
activity
◦Implementing
status
◦In Production
◦Pilot
◦Retired
◦Under Evaluation
Processing Category to which the processing activity belongs for example, customer care,
activity finance, and so on.
category
Compliance Privacy compliance score calculated based on all the controls mapped to this
score processing activity.
Process Any user, with the sn_privacy.business_user role, from the list of key
owner stakeholders who has the editing privileges for the processing activity.
Note: The user selected in this field can update the this field and select
a new process owner. Updating this field is only possible when the
processing activity is in the Discover or Review state.
Data subject
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2161
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the processing activity. |
| Processing activity purpose | Business justification or reason for using an application or a process that stores personal data. |
| Number | Number of the processing activity. This field is automatically set. |
| Privacy analyst | Analyst responsible for the processing activity. |
| Business unit | Business unit of the processing activity. |
| Department | Department of the processing activity. |
| Processing activity type | Context of the processing activity such as a business application or a business process. |
| Entity | Entity of the processing activity. |
| Applies to record | Reference record used to create the processing activity record. |
| Owned by | Owner of the processing activity. |
| Data processing role | Defines if a processing activity is a data controller or a data processor. |
| Processing activity status | Status of the processing activity. The choices are as follows: ◦Implementing ◦In Production ◦Pilot ◦Retired ◦Under Evaluation |
| Processing activity category | Category to which the processing activity belongs for example, customer care, finance, and so on. |
| Compliance score | Privacy compliance score calculated based on all the controls mapped to this processing activity. |
| Process owner | Any user, with the sn_privacy.business_user role, from the list of key stakeholders who has the editing privileges for the processing activity. Note: The user selected in this field can update the this field and select a new process owner. Updating this field is only possible when the processing activity is in the Discover or Review state. |
| Data subject |  |


---
*Page 60*

Field Description
Data Format in which the personal information is stored. The choices are as follows:
storage
◦Digital
type
◦Paper
◦Both
Data Physical location of where the personal information is stored.
storage
locations
Data Number of days for which personal information must be retained.
retention
period (in
days)
Data User type related to the personal information that is being used and processed.
subject The choices are as follows:
type
◦Customers
◦Employees
◦Others
Data Range of users for whom the personal information is being processed.
subject
range
Contains This field is automatically set to either Yes or No. If any information object
special associated with the processing activity is classified as special category data,
category then this field is automatically set to Yes.
data?
Obtain Does this processing activity process any special category data such as racial,
special ethnic, political information? The choices are as follows:
category
◦Yes
data?
◦No
Activity
Additional Additional information about the processing activity.
comments
Work notes Internal notes not visible to the external people.
3. Click Save.
What to do next
Send a privacy assessment to a processing activity owner to collect more information on why
and how the processing activity is using personal information. For more information, see Send a
privacy assessment from a processing activity.
Create or manage an information object within a processing activity
Add information objects to the processing activity after a processing activity is created. Adding
information objects helps you understand the types of personal information that is being
processed and the way it is processed. This task helps in applying the appropriate controls to
the processing activity.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2162
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Data storage type | Format in which the personal information is stored. The choices are as follows: ◦Digital ◦Paper ◦Both |
| Data storage locations | Physical location of where the personal information is stored. |
| Data retention period (in days) | Number of days for which personal information must be retained. |
| Data subject type | User type related to the personal information that is being used and processed. The choices are as follows: ◦Customers ◦Employees ◦Others |
| Data subject range | Range of users for whom the personal information is being processed. |
| Contains special category data? | This field is automatically set to either Yes or No. If any information object associated with the processing activity is classified as special category data, then this field is automatically set to Yes. |
| Obtain special category data? | Does this processing activity process any special category data such as racial, ethnic, political information? The choices are as follows: ◦Yes ◦No |
| Activity |  |
| Additional comments | Additional information about the processing activity. |
| Work notes | Internal notes not visible to the external people. |


---
*Page 61*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
It is important to note that only the information objects that are tagged with the Personal
information tags are available to be added to a processing activity. For more information on how
to tag information objects see, Classify information objects as personal information.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add controls.
3. Click the [PI] Information objects related list.
4.Click Add.
5. Select the information objects you want to add.
6.Click Add.
Related topics
Modify an information object within a processing activity
Modify an information object within a processing activity
Add details such as justification for storing data to an information object after you add it to
the processing activity. Adding details enables you to define how the personal data is being
processed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
As a privacy analyst, you must provide details how personal data is being used in a given
processing activity. Adding relevant details to an information object helps you achieve this
objective.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > List > Lists > Processing
activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity that contains the information object you want to
modify.
3. Select Processing data inventory > [PI] Information objects.
4.Open the information object that you want to modify.
5. On the Information object to processing activity form, fill in the fields.
Field Description
Information object Name of the information object. This field is
automatically set.
Processing activity Name of the processing activity the
information object is part of. This field is
automatically set.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2163
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Information object | Name of the information object. This field is automatically set. |
| Processing activity | Name of the processing activity the information object is part of. This field is automatically set. |


---
*Page 62*

Field Description
Type of data Type of personal data. The choices are the
following:
◦General personal information: Examples
are: Name, phone number, address.
◦Special Category: Examples are: Political
opinions, religious beliefs, and so on.
Note: If any information object
associated to a processing activity
is categorized as special category,
the Sensitive field on the processing
activity form is automatically set to
Yes.
◦Criminal Conviction: Examples are
court verdicts, information about legal
proceedings and so on.
Lawful basis for processing Reason for processing personal data.
◦None
◦Legal Obligation
◦Legitimate Interests
CRUD operations Operations that can be performed on the
processing activity. The choices are the
following:
◦Create
◦Read
◦Update
◦Delete
Data coming from Asset from which the data is coming. For
example, you can select the application from
where the data in this processing activity is
populated.
Data sent to Specify where the data is sent.
Information object categories Category of the information object.
Justification for storing this data Reasons for storing and using the personal
data.
6.Click Save.
Add data subject type to a processing activity
Add data subject types to a processing activity in the Privacy Workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2164
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type of data | Type of personal data. The choices are the following: ◦General personal information: Examples are: Name, phone number, address. ◦Special Category: Examples are: Political opinions, religious beliefs, and so on. Note: If any information object associated to a processing activity is categorized as special category, the Sensitive field on the processing activity form is automatically set to Yes. ◦Criminal Conviction: Examples are court verdicts, information about legal proceedings and so on. |
| Lawful basis for processing | Reason for processing personal data. ◦None ◦Legal Obligation ◦Legitimate Interests |
| CRUD operations | Operations that can be performed on the processing activity. The choices are the following: ◦Create ◦Read ◦Update ◦Delete |
| Data coming from | Asset from which the data is coming. For example, you can select the application from where the data in this processing activity is populated. |
| Data sent to | Specify where the data is sent. |
| Information object categories | Category of the information object. |
| Justification for storing this data | Reasons for storing and using the personal data. |


---
*Page 63*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. In the Privacy Workspace, select the List icon ( ).
3. Navigate to Processing activities > All processing activities.
4.Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add a data subject type.
5. Navigate to Processing data inventory > Data subject types.
6.Select Add.
7.In the Add a new data subject type window, select the Data subject type.
8.Select a value for Data subject volume.
9.Select Data subject locations.
10.Select the Information Objects you want to add to the data subject type.
11. Select Add.
Result
The data subject type that you added appears in the Data subject types table.
Add data subject type to privacy impact assessment
Add data subject types to privacy impact assessment from the Employee Center.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.business_user or sn_privacy.admin
About this task
The data subject types you add are automatically added to the processing activity after the
privacy impact assessment (PIA) is approved.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center home page, select GRC tasks.
3. On the GRC Tasks home page, select Tasks.
4.Go to My pending tasks > Privacy assessments.
5. Open the PIA to which you want to add data subject types.
6.On the Data subject types related list, select Add.
Note: You may have to select Resume to view Data subject types.
7.On the Add a new data subject type dialog box, fill the fields.
Add a new data subject type form
Field Description
Data subject type Type of the data subject.
Data subject volume Volume of the data subject.
◦0-49
◦50-99
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2165
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Data subject type | Type of the data subject. |


---
*Page 64*

Field Description
◦100-499
◦500-999
◦1000+
Data subject locations Locations that are applicable to the data
subject type.
Information Objects Type of information object.
◦Full name
◦Home address
◦Age
◦Date of birth
◦Education History
◦Gender
◦Email address
◦Criminal Record
8.Select Add.
A confirmation message saying that new record has been created appears.
Result
The data subject types appear in a tabular format.
Data subject types
Classify data subject type as vulnerable
Classify a data subject type as vulnerable. When you mark a data subject type as vulnerable, the
criticality score is calculated as High.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. In the Privacy Workspace, select the List icon ( ).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2166
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦100-499 ◦500-999 ◦1000+ |
| Data subject locations | Locations that are applicable to the data subject type. |
| Information Objects | Type of information object. ◦Full name ◦Home address ◦Age ◦Date of birth ◦Education History ◦Gender ◦Email address ◦Criminal Record |


---
*Page 65*

3. Navigate to Privacy elements > Data subject type.
4.Select and open the data subject type you want to classify as vulnerable.
5. Select Vulnerable to mark the data subject type as vulnerable.
6.Select Save.
Result
The data subject type that you classified as vulnerable contributes to the criticality score being
High.
Add key stakeholders to a processing activity
Add key stakeholders to a processing activity and set their privilege to control whether they can
view it, respond to its privacy assessments, or edit it.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
A processing activity can have multiple key stakeholders. While you can add or delete as many
key stakeholders as you want, by default, the entity owner is one of the key stakeholders. You
can add any user as a key stakeholder, including users without privacy roles. Based on their
role, they are assigned default processing activity privileges that control whether they can edit a
processing activity, view it, or respond to its privacy assessments.
You can add key stakeholders only when the processing activity is either in the Discover or
Review states.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All
processing activities.
2. Open the processing activity to which you want to add key stakeholders.
3. Navigate to the Key stakeholders related list, and select Add.
a.Select the stakeholders to add.
b.Select Add.
Selected stakeholders are added to the Key stakeholders related list of the processing
activity. Based on their role, each stakeholder receives a processing activity privilege.
Note: If a user's role changes, a privacy analyst must manually update the user's
processing activity privilege.
4.Modify the processing activity privilege of a key stakeholder.
a.From the Key stakeholders related list of the processing activity, open the stakeholder record
you want to modify.
b.In the Responsibility field, enter the responsibilities for the stakeholder.
c.In the Processing activity privileges field, select one of the following options.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2167
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 66*

Processing activity privileges
Privilege Result
Respond Default privilege for stakeholders with the
to privacy sn_privacy.assessment_responder or sn_privacy.business_user role.
assessments
Edit processing Privilege set manually by a privacy analyst or privacy manager. The
activity and stakeholder must have the sn_privacy.business_user role to be assigned
respond this privilege.
to privacy
assessments
No privilege Default privilege for stakeholders with no privacy roles.
to respond to
assessments Note: To modify this privilege, the user must first be granted
the sn_privacy.business_user role. Then, a privacy analyst
must manually update their privilege to Respond to privacy
assessments or Edit processing activity and respond to privacy
assessments.
If you select an option that requires a role the stakeholder doesn't have, the application
displays a validation message. Contact your system administrator to grant the necessary
role, and then set the privilege again.
d. Select Save.
Result
Selected stakeholders receive an email notification confirming they have been added as key
stakeholders.
What to do next
After the key stakeholders are defined, assign the processing activity to stakeholders with edit
access. They can then review and update the related lists, as required. See Assign a processing
activity to a key stakeholder.
Send privacy assessments to the added stakeholders. See Send a privacy assessment from a
processing activity.
Note: Only users with sn_privacy.assessment_responder or sn_privacy.business_user
role can be sent privacy assessments.
Related topics
Access a processing activity from the Employee Center
Assign a processing activity to a key stakeholder
Assign a processing activity to a key stakeholder with edit access to let them update it directly
from the Employee Center.
Before you begin
The processing activity privilege of the stakeholder must be set to Edit processing activity and
respond to privacy assessments.
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2168
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Privilege | Result |
| --- | --- |
| Respond to privacy assessments | Default privilege for stakeholders with the sn_privacy.assessment_responder or sn_privacy.business_user role. |
| Edit processing activity and respond to privacy assessments | Privilege set manually by a privacy analyst or privacy manager. The stakeholder must have the sn_privacy.business_user role to be assigned this privilege. |
| No privilege to respond to assessments | Default privilege for stakeholders with no privacy roles. Note: To modify this privilege, the user must first be granted the sn_privacy.business_user role. Then, a privacy analyst must manually update their privilege to Respond to privacy assessments or Edit processing activity and respond to privacy assessments. |


---
*Page 67*

About this task
Assigning a processing activity to a key stakeholder gives a business owner direct access to
review and update it. This eliminates the need for relaying changes through the privacy team.
The owner updates the activity in the Employee Center and assigns it back to the privacy team
when complete.
You can assign a processing activity to a key stakeholder when it is in the Discover state.
Procedure
1.From the List view of the Privacy Workspace, navigate to Processing activities > Unassigned
processing activities.
2. Select the processing activity to be assigned to a key stakeholder.
3. Select the more actions icon , and select Assign to key stakeholder.
Note: If a stakeholder is already assigned to the processing activity, select Reassign
to key stakeholder to change the assignment to a different user. This removes the edit
access of the existing stakeholder.
4.In the Assign to key stakeholder window, select a stakeholder.
Note: Only stakeholders with the processing activity privilege, Edit processing activity
and respond to privacy assessments, are available for selection. To modify privileges,
see Add key stakeholders to a processing activity.
5. Select Assign.
Result
The assigned stakeholder receives an email notifying them of the processing activity
assignment. The stakeholder can navigate to Employee Center > GRC tasks > Tasks > My
pending tasks > Processing activities to view and edit the assigned processing activity record.
What to do next
Send a privacy assessment from a processing activity
Related topics
Integrating Employee Center and Risk portal with Privacy Management
Access a processing activity from the Employee Center
Request edit access to a processing activity directly from the Employee Center to update the
details your team is responsible for.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.business_user
About this task
Privacy analysts can add any user as a key stakeholder to a processing activity, even those
without privacy roles. To enable users without privacy roles to view and edit a processing activity,
they must be granted the sn_privacy.business_user role, and then have their processing activity
privilege modified by a privacy analyst. To understand processing activity privileges, see Add key
stakeholders to a processing activity.
All added stakeholders with the appropriate business user role can access the processing
activity directly from the Employee Center by navigating to GRC tasks > Tasks > My items >
Processing activities. After they review the processing activity and find that it needs updating,
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2169
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 68*

they can request edit access. This enables them to edit the related lists of the processing activity
they are assigned to.
Note: Edit access can be requested for processing activities in the Discover state.
Procedure
1.Open Employee Center.
2. Navigate to GRC tasks > Tasks > My items > Processing activities.
This opens a list of processing activities where you're added as a key stakeholder.
3. Open the processing activity you want to edit.
4.Select Request edit access.
A confirmation message appears confirming that an email has been sent to the privacy
analyst.
Result
The privacy analyst who owns the processing activity receives an email and reviews the request.
The analyst updates your processing activity privilege to Edit processing activity and respond
to privacy assessments, and assigns the processing activity to you. For steps to assign a
processing activity, see Assign a processing activity to a key stakeholder.
Note: If the processing activity is in the Review or Monitor state, the analyst must move
the processing activity back to the Discover state before assigning it to you.
After it's assigned, you receive an email with a link to the processing activity.
What to do next
Edit the processing activity related lists directly from the Employee Center by navigating to GRC
tasks > Tasks > My pending tasks > Processing activities. Select Assign back to privacy team
when done to request a review of the updated processing activity.
Note: Your edit access is removed when you assign a processing activity back to the
privacy team.
Related topics
Respond to a privacy smart assessment
Respond to a privacy screening assessment
Add a regulatory agency
Add a regulatory agency in the Privacy Workspace to identify the relevant regulatory authorities
that are responsible for overseeing the industries or sectors within each jurisdiction. The
jurisdictions consolidate all the regulatory communications via emails and implement the
notification rules for data privacy or security breaches for the reported privacy cases.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Lists > Regulatory information
> Agencies.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the fields, see Regulatory agency form .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2170
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 69*

Regulatory agency form
Use the Create Regulatory Agency form in the Privacy Workspace to create a regulatory agency.
The regulatory agency is a new record type that handles regulatory changes.
Create Regulatory Agency form
Field Description
Name Name of the regulatory agency. For
example, Australian Prudential
Regulation Authority
Summary Brief summary of the regulatory agency. For
example, The Australian Prudential
Regulation Authority (APRA) is
a statutory authority of the
Australian Government and the
prudential regulator of the
Australian financial services
industry.
Description Detailed description of the regulatory agency.
Acronym Acronym of the regulatory agency, if any. For
example, APRA
Logo Logo of the regulatory agency.
Executive owner Person who is the head of the agency.
Website link Link to the official website of the agency
Classification
Category Category for classifying the regulatory agency.
The choices are as follows.
•Regulatory
•Legislative
•Governmental
•Others
Scope Areas in which an agency operates and its
specific products or services. For example,
Bill, Decisions, Circulars. You can select more
than one scope in this field.
Sector Segment of the economy where different
agencies or businesses engage in similar
activity or provide similar products or services.
For example, Banking.
Theme Subject that is the core idea on which the
agency is focused. For example, Anti-money
laundering.
Key dates
Establishment date Date the agency was established. Future dates
are not allowed in this field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2171
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the regulatory agency. For example, Australian Prudential Regulation Authority |
| Summary | Brief summary of the regulatory agency. For example, The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) is a statutory authority of the Australian Government and the prudential regulator of the Australian financial services industry. |
| Description | Detailed description of the regulatory agency. |
| Acronym | Acronym of the regulatory agency, if any. For example, APRA |
| Logo | Logo of the regulatory agency. |
| Executive owner | Person who is the head of the agency. |
| Website link | Link to the official website of the agency |
| Classification |  |
| Category | Category for classifying the regulatory agency. The choices are as follows. •Regulatory •Legislative •Governmental •Others |
| Scope | Areas in which an agency operates and its specific products or services. For example, Bill, Decisions, Circulars. You can select more than one scope in this field. |
| Sector | Segment of the economy where different agencies or businesses engage in similar activity or provide similar products or services. For example, Banking. |
| Theme | Subject that is the core idea on which the agency is focused. For example, Anti-money laundering. |
| Key dates |  |
| Establishment date | Date the agency was established. Future dates are not allowed in this field. |

| Regulation Authority (APRA) is |
| --- |
| a statutory authority of the |
| Australian Government and the |
| prudential regulator of the |
| Australian financial services |
| industry |


---
*Page 70*

Create Regulatory Agency form (continued)
Field Description
Created Date the agency is created.
Settings
Functional domain Functional domain of the regulatory agency.
This field is automatically set to Privacy when
the regulatory agency is created from the
Privacy Workspace.
Create a lineage for a processing activity
Establish a lineage to visualize data consumption, sharing, and the associated risks for a
processing activity. Each processing activity involves multiple information objects classified
as personal information. These objects exchange data with various other entities, making it
essential to establish a lineage or hierarchy that tracks where personal data is shared.
Before you begin
The processing activity must be in Discover state or later. If the processing activity is in New
state, move it to Discover before proceeding.
Role required: Privacy analyst, Privacy manager, Privacy admin
About this task
Establish a lineage to visualize data consumption, sharing, and the associated risks for a
processing activity. Each processing activity could involve multiple entities such as vendors,
applications, and systems that make up the processing activity. These vendors, applications, and
systems share data with each other, making it essential to establish a lineage that tracks where
personal data is shared. This helps mitigate privacy-related risks.
You add lineage relationships from the Hierarchy tab using the Add button. The Add screen is a
two-step flow. In the first step you define the relationship, and in the second step you provide the
relationship details.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing
activities.
2. Navigate to the Hierarchy tab.
3. Select Add.
4.In the Primary node field, review the pre-selected record.
This field is automatically set to the processing activity you have open. You can change the
primary node to any other node that has been linked with the processing activity.
5. In the Relationship Type field, select the relationship type that describes how this processing
activity relates to the node you want to add.
Select from the following options:
a.Depends on: The primary node depends on the related node for data. Data flows from the
related node to the primary node.
b.Contains: The primary node contains the related node. Data flows from the primary node to
the related node.
c.Contained by: The primary node is contained by the related node. Data flows from the
related node to the primary node.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2172
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Created | Date the agency is created. |
| Settings |  |
| Functional domain | Functional domain of the regulatory agency. This field is automatically set to Privacy when the regulatory agency is created from the Privacy Workspace. |


---
*Page 71*

d. Sends data to: The primary node sends data to the related node. Data flows from the primary
node to the related node.
e. Receives data from: The primary node receives data from the related node. Data flows from
the related node to the primary node.
f.Used by: The primary node is used by the related node. Data flows from the primary node to
the related node.
6.In the Related Node Type field, select the type of entity you want to add.
The available types are Processing Activity, Entity, Business Application, Business Process,
Business Service, Company, and Vendor.
7.In the Related Node field, select from the available related nodes list and then select Next.
You can add more than one related node.
8.For each related node, set the following options:
◦Part of processing activity: This option is enabled by default. Keep it selected if this is part of
the current processing activity.
◦Description: Enter a description of the relationship for this node.
◦Copy details: If you have added multiple nodes and want to apply the description of one
node to all other nodes, select Copy Details on that node.
◦Remove: To remove a node before saving, select the remove icon next to that node.
9.Select Add.
Result
The new node appears in the Hierarchy tab list. When you select the View lineage map, the
node appears in the graphical view. If the related node is itself a processing activity with existing
relationships, those connections also appear in the map.
Edit a lineage
Edit an existing lineage relationship to update the relationship type, description, or key
relationship status of a connected node.
Before you begin
Role required: Privacy analyst, Privacy manager, Privacy admin
About this task
You can edit a relationship from the lineage map by selecting the arrow between two nodes, or
by navigating to the related node record in the Hierarchy tab list.
What you can edit:
•Relationship type: You can change the relationship type, but only within the same data flow
direction. A downstream relationship type can only be changed to another downstream
relationship type. An upstream relationship type can only be changed to another upstream
relationship type. You cannot change the direction of data flow, as the source and target of a
relationship cannot be reversed after it has been created.
•Description: You can update the description of the relationship.
•Part of processing activity: You can enable or disable or disable Part of Processing Activity for a
relationship, subject to the hierarchy rules.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2173
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 72*

Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing
activities.
2. Select the processing activity record.
3. Navigate to the Hierarchy tab.
4.Select View lineage map to open the graphical view.
5. Select the arrow between the two nodes and select View/Edit relationship.
The edit panel opens. You can also single-click the arrow to see more information before
deciding to edit.
6.Modify the Relationship type, Description, or Part of processing activity fields as needed.
7.Select Save to save the changes.
Delete a lineage
Delete a lineage to remove a specific connection or node from the hierarchy of a processing
activity.
Before you begin
Role required: Privacy analyst, Privacy manager, Privacy admin
About this task
You can delete a relationship in the following methods:
•Delete a relationship: Removes only the specific connection between two nodes. The nodes
themselves remain in the system and their other relationships are not affected.
•Delete a node: Removes the node and all of its relationships within the current hierarchy.
This affects only the hierarchy of the current processing activity. The node record itself is not
deleted from the system.
Procedure
1.To delete a relationship:
a.Open the processing activity record.
b.Navigate to the Hierarchy tab.
c.Select View lineage map to open the graphical view.
d. Select the arrow between the two nodes whose relationship you want to delete and select
Remove.
e. Select Remove in the confirmation dialog box.
2. To delete a node:
a.Open the processing activity record.
b.Navigate to the Hierarchy tab.
c.Select View lineage map to open the graphical view.
d. Select the node you want to remove.
e. From the details pane on the right, expand the drop-down arrow and select Delete.
f.Confirm the deletion.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2174
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 73*

Update the maximum node level for the lineage map
Update the sn_privacy.nodemap.maxLevel system property to control how many
node levels are visible on the lineage map.
Before you begin
Role required: System admin or Privacy admin
About this task
By default, the lineage map displays nodes up to five levels downstream and one
level upstream from the primary processing activity record. If your data lineage
spans more than five downstream levels, you can increase this limit by updating the
sn_privacy.nodemap.maxLevel system property. The upstream display is always limited
to one level and is not affected by this property.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Properties > All Properties.
2. In the Name field, search for sn_privacy.nodemap.maxLevel.
3. Open the sn_privacy.nodemap.maxLevel property record.
4.In the Value field, enter the maximum number of node levels to display.
5. Select Update.
Create or manage a control on a processing activity
Add new controls or manage the controls that are automatically added to the processing activity
from the assessment responses. Adding controls ensures that the appropriate regulations are
applied to the processing activity.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst who owns the processing activity or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
You can add or manage controls to a processing activity in the following ways:
•Selecting control objectives: You can add existing control objectives to a processing activity.
When you add a control objective to a processing activity, the controls associated with that
particular control objective are added to the processing activity.
•Creating controls: You can create controls and add them to the processing activity.
•Selecting from the recommended controls: This option enables you to choose from a list
of recommended controls based on the information object that is mapped to a processing
activity. If an information object is mapped to one or more control objectives, and the
same information object is mapped to a processing activity, the system recommends the
corresponding control objectives.
•Managing the automatically added controls: You can manage the controls that are
automatically created based on the assessment responses.
•Applying controls from entities: You can apply privacy-related controls on the processing
activity from the related entity.
•Adding common controls: You can add common controls to a processing activity so that
the privacy teams can be notified of control failures and avoid duplicate common control
attestation process. For more information on common controls, refer to Testing common
control and implementing results on multiple reliant entities.
Note:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2175
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 74*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add controls.
3. Click the Controls related list.
4.To add a control to the processing activity, do one of the following.
Option Description
Click New and fill in the form.
To create a control
For details see, Create a control.
a.Click Add controls by control objective.
To add a control by using the existing con­ b.Select the control objectives that you want
trol objectives to add.
c.Click Add.
a.From the Add controls by control objective
list, select Recommend controls.
b.Click Add.
To select a control from the list of recom­
mended controls Note: If a control has already been
added to a processing activity, then it
does not appear in the list of recommen­
dations.
Result
The mitigating controls are added to the processing activity.
Delete a control from a processing activity
Delete the controls that are no longer required in the processing activity.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
About this task
You can delete controls if the control objectives associated with those controls have been
erroneously added. If you want to add new controls, you may want to delete existing controls.
Note: If a control is associated with any other entity or entity type, then you cannot delete
the control. By deleting a control, you can only remove the association of that control with
the processing activity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity from which you want to delete controls.
3. Click the Controls related list.
4.Select the controls that you want to delete.
5. Click Delete.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2176
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 75*

Result
The selected controls are deleted from the processing activity.
Create or manage risks on a processing activity
Add new risks or manage the risks that are automatically added to the processing activity from
the assessment responses. Adding risks helps you manage processing activities using the risk-
based approach.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst who owns the processing activity or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
You can add or manage risks to a processing activity in the following ways:
•Selecting risk statements: You can add existing risk statements to a processing activity. When
you add a risk statements to a processing activity, the risks associated with that particular risk
statement are added to the processing activity.
•Selecting from the recommended risks: This option enables you to choose from a list of
recommended risks based on the information object that is mapped to a processing activity.
If an information object is mapped to one or more risk statements, and the same information
object is mapped to a processing activity, the system recommends the corresponding risk
statements.
•Creating risks: You can create risks and add them to the processing activity.
•Applying risks from entities: You can apply privacy-related risks on the processing activity from
the related entity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add controls.
3. Click the Risks related list.
4.To add a risk to the processing activity, do one of the following.
Option Description
Click New and fill in the form.
To create a risk
For details see, Create a risk.
a.Click Add risk by risk statement.
To add a risk by using the existing risk state­ b.Select the risk statements that you want to
ment add.
c.Click Add.
a.From the Add risk by risk statement list, se­
lect Recommend risks.
b.Click Add.
To select a risk from the list of recommend­
ed risks
Note: If a risk has already been added
to a processing activity, then it does not
appear in the list of recommendations.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2177
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 76*

Result
The mitigating controls are added to the processing activity.
Manage chat collaborations of a processing activity
Initiate quick discussions with key stakeholders while working on a processing activity, privacy
case, or a personal data rights request. The chat feature is integrated with Microsoft Teams and a
group is automatically created on Microsoft Teams when a discussion is initiated.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
Because privacy cases are time-sensitive, they sometimes need quick collaborations. The
Discuss button facilitates these collaborations and the chats are stored making it simpler for
the privacy teams to refer to them when working on a task. Apart from processing activities,
the Discuss feature is available for privacy cases, and personal data rights requests. For more
information, refer to Sidebar and Microsoft Teams .
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > List > My items > Processing
activities.
2. Open the processing activity that you want to discuss.
3. Select the More actions icon.
4.Select Discuss.
The Start a Sidebar discussion window opens with the key stakeholders added as participants.
5. Type your message and select Start discussion.
Result
The chat gets stored and can be viewed under Activity on the side panel.
Create or add issues on a processing activity
Create issues or add existing issues for a processing activity. Associating issues to a processing
activity helps you to identify and prioritize remediation actions. Relating issues reduces the
number of issues customers need to manage, thus improving the overall organizational efficiency
in management of these issues.​
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
Issues get created when there are control attestation failures. You can also manually add
or create multiple issues for a processing activity. You can also map one issue to multiple
processing activities. If you create an issue for a processing activity from the Privacy Workspace,
the Issue source field is set to Ad-Hoc.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add issues.
3. Click the More related list.
4.Click Issues.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2178
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 77*

5. Click Add.
a.Select the issues to add.
b.ClickAdd.
6.Optional: To create an issue, refer to the issue creation form.
7.Click Save.
Accessing control through organizational structure
Access to processing activity records can be restricted by using Entity-Based Access (EBA).
User access to processing activity records and related data can be restricted based on an
organizational structure. This structure may reflect a legal entity, jurisdiction, business unit, or
any segmentation aligned with how your privacy teams operate. This approach enables granular
security and supports regulatory compliance for organizations functioning across multiple
regions or subsidiaries.
Entity-Based Access (EBA) implements this control by enforcing data segregation according to
the defined organizational structure. With EBA, users can only view and manage records for the
entities or jurisdictions to which they have been explicitly granted access. Records outside this
defined scope remain hidden.
Key characteristics
•Dynamic segmentation: Access can be assigned based on the organizational structure, such
as legal entity, jurisdiction, business unit, or any defined grouping. So processing activity
records are only visible to the appropriate teams.
•Regulatory alignment: Access controls can be mapped to organizational structures, helping
organizations meet local regulatory requirements and maintain clear audit trails.
For information about configuring access control, see Configuring access control.
UI impact
•Processing activity details: Hidden for records outside the user’s scope.
•Data lineage: Information for inaccessible entities is hidden, and navigation buttons on the
side panel are disabled.
•Reports and dashboards: Visibility in reports such as processing activity, risk scan, and
compliance is filtered based on entity configuration.
Role capabilities
Role capabilities
Role Capabilities
Privacy admin
•Create entity configurations
•Perform bulk access updates
Privacy manager View entity configurations
Privacy analyst Access records for configured entities and their
associated downstream entities
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2179
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role | Capabilities |
| --- | --- |
| Privacy admin | •Create entity configurations •Perform bulk access updates |
| Privacy manager | View entity configurations |
| Privacy analyst | Access records for configured entities and their associated downstream entities |


---
*Page 78*

Role capabilities (continued)
Role Capabilities
Privacy business user Access records for configured entities and their
associated downstream entities
Note: Assigned roles such as assignee, reviewer, and analyst retain access to their
assigned records even if those records fall outside the configured entity.
Configuring access control
Configurie Entity-based access control in Privacy Management, including property activation,
hierarchy setup, record mapping, user assignment, bulk updates, and activating entity-based
record access rules.
The following steps outline how to configure access control in Privacy Management using Entity-
based access (EBA). This process enables organizations to restrict user access to processing
activity records and related data according to their position in the organizational hierarchy. By
following these steps, administrators can ensure that privacy teams and users only access
records relevant to their assigned entities, supporting both security and regulatory compliance.
1.Install Entity-based access plugin and enable the entity-based access control property. This
activates entity-based access features and allows you to configure access restrictions by legal
entity.
For information, see Configure Entity-based access.
2. Establish the organizational structure (parent-child relationships), where a global entity
contains regional entities, and those in turn contain country-level entities.
For information, see Add hierarchical relationships between entities.
3. If processing activities already exist, map each record to the appropriate entity in the
organizational hierarchy, ensuring it is correctly linked as a downstream entity under the
relevant legal entity, jurisdiction, or other defined structure. This guarantees that access
restrictions are enforced accurately, as each record is tied to the correct part of the
organization.
4.In the Entity Configuration module, do the following:
◦Provide access to teams and users based on your organizational structure. You can grant
access to individual users, such as entity owners or privacy analysts, or to groups.
◦Specify whether access applies only to the selected entity or also to downstream entities.
This step ensures that only the appropriate teams or users can access records for their part
of the organization.
For information, see Create an entity configuration.
5. Run a bulk access update to switch from role-based access to entity-based access for all
applicable records. Bulk Access Update enforces entity-based access restrictions across
relevant records in Privacy Management.
When performing a bulk update:
◦Select the entity configuration and associated entities.
◦Choose the tables where restrictions apply (for example, Processing Activity or Privacy
Assessment).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2180
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role | Capabilities |
| --- | --- |
| Privacy business user | Access records for configured entities and their associated downstream entities |


---
*Page 79*

◦Preview the affected records to validate changes.
◦Enable the update to apply restrictions.
The system queues a scheduled job that processes the update and applies the new access
rules to all selected records.
For information on how to run batch updates, see Set access restrictions using an entity based
record access update utility.
6.Use entity-based record access rules to enable continuous monitoring. These rules
automatically apply restrictions to new or modified records, ensuring access settings stay
enforced without manual updates. When the structure of the entities change, the system
updates access controls automatically.
For information on how to configure entity-based record access rules, see Set Entity based
record access rules.
Configure Entity-based access
Configure entity-based access by installing the Entity-based Access Configurations plugin and
enabling properties for record types.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System definition > Plugins.
2. Find the Entity Based Access Configurations plugin by using the filter criteria and search bar.
3. Select a version from the list and select Install.
The plugin is installed in your instance.
4.Navigate to All > Entity Based Access Configurations > Properties.
5. Enable the Entity-based access on record types related to entity property.
6.Select Save.
Result
Based on your selected settings, the entity-based access properties are configured in your
system.
Create an entity configuration
Create an organizational structure by configuring entity-based access for different levels such as
headquarters, regional offices, and subsidiaries. Define access rules for users and groups.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Entity Based Access Configurations > Entity Configurations.
2. Select New to open the Entity Access Configuration form.
3. Create entities for each level of your organization, such as global headquarters, regional
offices, and country subsidiaries.
On the FORM_TITLE, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2181
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 80*

Field Description
Configuration type Type of entity access configuration, such as
Entity.
Entity Name of the entity for which entity-based
access is being configured.
Applicability Option to define whether access applies to
the selected entity only, or to the selected
entity and downstream entities. Available
options are:
◦Selected entity only
◦Selected entity and downstream entities
Users Users that the access is configured for.
User groups User groups that the access is configured for.
Entity user fields User fields on the Entity table that should be
granted access.
Entity group fields User group fields on the Entity table that the
access should be granted to.
Description Description of the entity configuration.
Active Option to set the configuration to active to
enforce the access rules.
4.Select Submit.
Add hierarchical relationships between entities
Define hierarchical relationships between entities (Global → Regional → Country-level) using
Upstream and Downstream options. Adding an hierarchy creates a clear organizational structure.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Privacy Workspace > List.
2. Under Scoping, select Entities.
3. Select the entity you want to configure.
4.In the entity record, navigate to the Hierarchy tab.
5. To add a parent entity, select Add under Upstream entities.
An upstream entity represents higher-level entity in the hierarchy. For example, for a Regional
entity, the upstream entity is the Global entity.
6.To add a child entity, select Add under Downstream entities.
A downstream entity represents a lower-level entity contained within the current entity.
7.Select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2182
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Configuration type |  |
| Entity |  |
| Applicability |  |
| Users |  |
| User groups |  |
| Entity user fields |  |
| Entity group fields |  |
| Description |  |


---
*Page 81*

Set access restrictions using an entity based record access update utility
Set access restrictions for the existing records in bulk by using the Entity based record access
update utility guided-experience. Use the workflow to enable or disable access to record types.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
About this task
By configuring a bulk access update, you can apply the entity-based access restrictions to
multiple records in bulk.
The system provides real-time status tracking of update operations, categorized as Completed,
Failed, or Update queued. After each update, a comprehensive log is generated, detailing
updated records, applied scopes, and execution outcomes.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Entity Based Access Configurations > Entity based record access update
utility.
2. Select New.
3. In the Scope entities section, do the following:
a.From the Make entity scope selection based on drop-down list, select the entity scope .
b.In the Select entities option, select the name of the entity (for which you have created the
access configuration).
c.Mark Select downstream entities also to include the downstream entities in scoping.
Note: You can see this option only when you select one entity.
d. Select Mark as complete and proceed.
4.In the Scope related records section, select the related records that you want to set access to,
and do the following:
a.From the Add a record type drop-down list, select a record type .
b.Optional: From the Add another record type drop-down list, select another record type .
c.Optional: Apply conditions on each record type.
d. Select Mark as complete and proceed.
5. Optional: In the Preview record counts section, preview how many records for each record
type are impacted based on the selected scope of entities and record types.
a.Select I want to preview to preview record counts.
b.Select Back to scope related records to navigate to the previous step where you can select
the related records.
c.From Set Access, select either Enable access restrictions or Disable access restrictions for
the scoped entities and record types.
d. Confirm applying access restrictions to the selected records by selecting Proceed.
6.In the View results section, you can see the status of the update operation.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2183
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


*Note: Pages 46–81 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
