# Entity scoping to plan a privacy program

*Pages 46–48 of source PDF*


---
*Page 46*

Using Privacy Management
As a privacy analyst or a privacy manager, you can identify which business applications or
processes store and use personal information.
Entity scoping to plan a privacy program
When a privacy manager plans the privacy program for an organization, the first step is to scope
those business applications or processes that contain personal data. In Governance, Risk, and
Compliance, these business applications or business processes are called as entities. After
you identify the entities processing personal data, the processing activities are automatically
created.
A privacy manager, with the role sn_privacy_manager, plans various privacy programs. Some
examples of the privacy programs are:
•Identifying all the business processes and vendors that process personal data of customers.
•Identifying business applications that process personal data of employees.
All the inventory related to business processes, applications, vendors, or business services is
stored in the respective Configuration Management Database (CMDB) tables. The respective
business owners manage this inventory.
You can identify or discover entities that process personal data by using one of the following
methods.
•Filtering the entities either by discovering the processing activities by their usage of personal
information.
•Sending initial privacy assessments.
Both these methods are explained in the following sections.
Discover processing activities by their usage of personal information
At an inventory level, when business processes, business applications, and
other inventory records are mapped with information objects of type Personal
information (PI), the privacy manager can discover those records that process
specific PI information. For details about information objects and their role in
Privacy Management, see Information objects in Privacy Management.
The following image shows a business process with information objects associated
with it. To identify such business applications or processes associated with
information objects, the enhanced entity filter capability in the entity scoping
functionality is used. For more information, see Scope entities to discover
processing activities with personal information.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2148
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 47*

Business process with associated information objects
Identify potential entities and sending initial privacy assessments
If the information objects are not mapped to the business applications or
processes, you can send initial privacy assessments to all the entities and use their
responses to determine if personal data is being processed. The steps to send the
assessment are as follows:
1.Create an Entity type. For example, Business processes that process
customer personal information or Business applications
that store employee information.
2. Identify entities using Entity Type you created.
3. Select the relevant entities and send privacy screening assessments to the
respective entity owners.
4.Based on the responses, processing activities are created automatically when
relevant questions are answered.
Sending privacy assessments to entities
After the entities are scoped, then, in the applications, only those entities appear that contain
personal information.
Scope entities to discover processing activities with personal information
®
Determine which entities have and process personal information using the ServiceNow
Configuration Management Database (CMDB) application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2149
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| customer personal information | or | Business applications |
| --- | --- | --- |
| that store employee information |  |  |


---
*Page 48*

Before you begin
Ensure that you created the CMDB queries. For more information on the CMDB queries, see
Querying the CMDB .
Role required: sn_privacy.manager
About this task
In the Configuration Management Database (CMDB), you can search the database for entities
that process personal data using one of the following methods:
•Using the predefined queries and selecting only those applications and processes that have
associated information objects. For more information about information objects and their role
in Privacy Management, see Information objects in Privacy Management. For information on
how to scope entities with personal information, see Scope entities to discover processing
activities with personal information
•Building your own query. For more information on building the CMDB queries, see Querying
the CMDB
To filter entities that contain personal data, you must filter the entities using the appropriate
®
queries. ServiceNow provides two default queries for you to use to filter entities with personal
data. The default queries are provided for the following tables:
•Business process
•Business application
You can also create your own queries. This procedure demonstrates using the default queries.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Scoping > Entity types.
2. Open the entity you want to filter for personal information.
3. Click the Entity Filters related list.
4.Click New.
The Entity Filter form is displayed.
5. In the Filter conditions section, in the Entity filter type field, select Select from predefined
queries.
6.In the Query field, select Business applications by IO.
The Table field is automatically set.
7.Optional: To add more information objects that contain personal information such as email
address, click Information objects and type Email.
8.Click Submit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2150
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


*Note: Pages 46–48 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
