# Create a Risk Assessment Methodology

*Pages 53–54 of source PDF*


---
*Page 53*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All
processing activities.
2. Select the processing activities from which you want to send assessments.
3. Select Send privacy assessments.
4.From the Classification field, select the type of assessment.
5. From the Assessment template field, select the template you want to use.
6.In the Due Date field, select the due date for completing the assessment.
7.Click Send.
Create a Risk Assessment Methodology
Configure a risk assessment methodology (RAM) in the Privacy Management application so that
you can assess the risks in your organization.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.admin
About this task
Create a standardized method to support risk-based decision-making across departments,
projects, and systems. By using a RAM, your organization can have different methodologies for
assessing risks.
After you move a RAM to the Retired state, you can also move it back to the Draft state if you
want to make some changes later. You can only move a RAM to the Draft state if it doesn’t have
any assessments in the Monitor state or the Closed state. When you move a RAM back to the
Draft, the on-going assessments and the associated scopes are deleted.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Risk Assessments > Risk assessment
methodologies.
2. On the Risk Assessment Methodology page, select New.
3. On the form, fill the details.
For a description of the field values on the risk assessment methodology form, see Risk
Assessment Methodology form.
4.Right-click and save the form.
5. To configure the various assessments, select one of the following options.
Choice Related link
Configure inherent assessment See Configure an inherent assessment.
See Configure a control effectiveness assess­
Configure control effectiveness
ment
Configure residual assessment See Configure a residual assessment
Configure target assessment See Configure a target assessment
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2155
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Related link |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 54*

6.Select Publish.
Note: After a new assessment is created on the same risk and the assessment is in the
Monitor state, the other assessments automatically move to the Completed state. When
an assessment instance is in the Monitor state, you can’t move the RAM back to the
Draft state. A RAM can only be moved back to the Draft state if there are no assessment
instances.
Result
A new Risk Assessment Methodology is created and is available for use.
Risk assessment methodology form
Use the Risk Assessment Methodology form in the Core UI to create a risk assessment
methodology (RAM).
Risk Assessment Methodology form
Field Description
Name Name of the risk assessment methodology.
For example, Data Risk Evaluation.
Assess Select the assessment context:
•Risk
•Object
Applicable entity classes Unlock this field and add the entity classes for
which you want to create the risk assessment
methodology.
Workflows Specify the assessments and workflow
that are performed in the risk assessment
methodology. Depending on the options
selected, the corresponding assessment type
and workflows are enabled.
Rollup Configurations
Calculate ALE based on Select the basis for calculating ALE:
•Sum
•Average
•Maximum
•Minimum
Calculate score based on Select the basis for calculating score:
•Average
•Maximum
•Minimum
Risk Response Configurations Make the required selections.
Business Rules and Validations
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2156
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the risk assessment methodology. For example, Data Risk Evaluation. |
| Assess | Select the assessment context: •Risk •Object |
| Applicable entity classes | Unlock this field and add the entity classes for which you want to create the risk assessment methodology. |
| Workflows | Specify the assessments and workflow that are performed in the risk assessment methodology. Depending on the options selected, the corresponding assessment type and workflows are enabled. |
| Rollup Configurations |  |
| Calculate ALE based on | Select the basis for calculating ALE: •Sum •Average •Maximum •Minimum |
| Calculate score based on | Select the basis for calculating score: •Average •Maximum •Minimum |
| Risk Response Configurations | Make the required selections. |
| Business Rules and Validations |  |
