# Respond to a privacy smart assessment

*Pages 55–55 of source PDF*


---
*Page 55*

Risk Assessment Methodology form (continued)
Field Description
Final comment is required Select the basis for final comment:
•None
•Always
•On breach of appetite
•On breach of tolerance
Automatically create issue Select the basis for creating the issue
automatically:
•None
•On breach of appetite
•On breach of tolerance
Reference Information Make the required selections.
Other Configurations
Advance reminder (days) Enter the number of days for which you want to
set an advanced reminder.
Overdue reminder (days) Enter the number of days for which you want to
set an overdue reminder.
Risk identification Select the basis for identifying risk:
•None
•From Library
•Ad-hoc
•From Library and Ad-hoc
Other options Make the required selections for the remaining
options.
Respond to a privacy smart assessment
Respond to either a screening assessment or an impact assessment from the Assessment
Workspace. The assessment results help to understand the potential privacy risks and their
mitigation measures.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.business_user
About this task
A screening assessment is the first assessment that is sent to any responder to determine if
the privacy teams need to be aware of any application that processes personal data. If there is
personal data involved, then an impact assessment is sent to the key stakeholders. While the
screening assessment only has the General section for questions, the impact assessment has
two sections: Personal data and Questionnaire. Under the Personal data section, you find the
following sections:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2157
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Final comment is required | Select the basis for final comment: •None •Always •On breach of appetite •On breach of tolerance |
| Automatically create issue | Select the basis for creating the issue automatically: •None •On breach of appetite •On breach of tolerance |
| Reference Information | Make the required selections. |
| Other Configurations |  |
| Advance reminder (days) | Enter the number of days for which you want to set an advanced reminder. |
| Overdue reminder (days) | Enter the number of days for which you want to set an overdue reminder. |
| Risk identification | Select the basis for identifying risk: •None •From Library •Ad-hoc •From Library and Ad-hoc |
| Other options | Make the required selections for the remaining options. |
