# Respond to a privacy screening assessment

*Pages 56–56 of source PDF*


---
*Page 56*

•Data elements: This section displays the information object categories and each information
object that belongs to that category. Based on your selection during template configuration,
you can view either all information object categories or only the selected ones.
•Hierarchy: In this section, the responders specify the source and the destination of data.
•Legal basis: In this section, the responders specify the lawful basis on which the data is
processed. For example, an information is processed for legal obligations. Here, you can
specify the granular levels of the create, read, update, delete operations that can be performed
on the data and also where is the data coming from and where is being sent.
Because the assessments use the Smart Assessment Engine, the responders can see the
detailed description of each question and the guidance that helps the responder in answering
the questions.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self Service > Employee Center > My active items > GRC tasks > My to-dos
> My pending tasks > Privacy assessments.
2. Select and open the assessment you want to take.
The assessment opens in the Assessment Workspace.
3. To take the assessment, select Start.
4.Optional: To reassign the assessment, select Reassign.
You can only reassign the assessment to a user who has the privilege to respond to an
assessment and is a key stakeholder.
5. If responding to a screening assessment, respond to the questions in the questionnaire.
6.To view the guidance for a question, select View guidance at the bottom of the question.
7.Select Submit.
8.Optional: If responding to an impact assessment, on the Personal data section, provide the
responses for Data elements, Hierarchy, and Legal basis.
a.Select Move to questionnaire
b.Select Submit.
c.On the confirmation box, select Submit.
9.To view your responses after submission, on the assessment page, select View.
Result
After an assessment is submitted, the privacy team receives a notification about the assessment
submission. The team can then choose to either act on it or reject it based on their analysis. If the
privacy team closes the assessment, then a processing activity gets created.
Respond to a privacy screening assessment
As an entity owner or a processing activity key stakeholder, respond to the privacy assessment
that is initiated by the privacy lead.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.assessment_responder, sn_privacy.business_user
About this task
While responding to an assessment, you can reassign the assessment to another user even
if you have started the assessment. When you reassign the partially completed privacy
assessment to another user, the data that is already provided also gets copied over and is
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2158
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
