# Review a privacy assessment

*Pages 57–57 of source PDF*


---
*Page 57*

available when the new assignee takes the assessment. This data can be modified by the new
assignee.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self Service > Employee Center > My active items > GRC tasks > My to-dos.
2. Open the assessment assigned to you.
3. Perform one of the following actions.
Choice Action
a.Select Accept work.
Note: Accepting the work creates an
assessment instance.
b.In the Confirmation dialog box, provide
your comments for the assessment.
To take the assessment c.Select Accept work.
Note: The privacy assessment
moves to Work in progress.
d. Select Take assessment.
e. Respond to the questionnaire.
f.Select Submit.
a.Select Reassign.
b.In the Reassign privacy assessment dia­
logue box, select an assignee.
Note: You can only reassign the as­
sessment to a user who is a key stake­
To reassign the assessment
holder and should have the privilege
to respond to an assessment.
c.In the Additional comments field, provide
the reason for reassignment.
d. Select Reassign.
Result
The responses are captured in the respective entity and the processing activity. The responses
are then reviewed by the privacy teams.
Review a privacy assessment
As a privacy analyst, review a privacy assessment after the responders submit the assessment.
You can either close the assessment after a review or you can also request for revision if you
determine that the assessment requires more information.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2159
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Action |
| --- | --- |
