# Create or update a processing activity

*Pages 58–59 of source PDF*


---
*Page 58*

About this task
As a reviewer, you can also preview the assessment with the applicable risk statements,
information objects, and control objectives.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Tasks.
2. Select and open the privacy assessment that you want to review.
3. Select View response.
4.Review the assessment responses.
5. To request for more information from the responder, select Request for revision.
6.To mark the assessment as complete, select Update state.
a.In the State field, select Closed complete.
b.In the Additional comments field, provide any additional information.
c.Select Submit.
Create or update a processing activity
Manually create a processing activity or update a processing activity that is automatically
created out of a privacy screening assessment. You can also update a processing activity that is
created from an entity record. When you update a processing activity, you can fill in the relevant
details about the personal data that is being processed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
You can create a processing activity in two ways:
•Manually create a processing activity for a business application or process that handles
personal data.
•Update a processing activity that was automatically created when a privacy screening
assessment determined that personal data is being processed. Screening assessments
include automation rules that create processing activities based on specific responses. To
configure automation in your assessment template, refer to Post-assessment automations.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following.
Action Procedure
a.Navigate to All > Privacy Management >
Processing activities > All processing ac­
To create a new processing activity
tivities.
b.Click New.
a.Navigate to All > Privacy Management >
Privacy Workspace > List > My items >
To update a processing activity Processing activities.
b.Open the processing activity that you want
to update.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2160
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Action | Procedure |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 59*

2. On the form, fill in the fields.
New processing activity form
Field Description
Name Name of the processing activity.
Processing Business justification or reason for using an application or a process that stores
activity personal data.
purpose
Number Number of the processing activity. This field is automatically set.
Privacy Analyst responsible for the processing activity.
analyst
Business Business unit of the processing activity.
unit
Department Department of the processing activity.
Processing Context of the processing activity such as a business application or a business
activity type process.
Entity Entity of the processing activity.
Applies to Reference record used to create the processing activity record.
record
Owned by Owner of the processing activity.
Data Defines if a processing activity is a data controller or a data processor.
processing
role
Processing Status of the processing activity. The choices are as follows:
activity
◦Implementing
status
◦In Production
◦Pilot
◦Retired
◦Under Evaluation
Processing Category to which the processing activity belongs for example, customer care,
activity finance, and so on.
category
Compliance Privacy compliance score calculated based on all the controls mapped to this
score processing activity.
Process Any user, with the sn_privacy.business_user role, from the list of key
owner stakeholders who has the editing privileges for the processing activity.
Note: The user selected in this field can update the this field and select
a new process owner. Updating this field is only possible when the
processing activity is in the Discover or Review state.
Data subject
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2161
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the processing activity. |
| Processing activity purpose | Business justification or reason for using an application or a process that stores personal data. |
| Number | Number of the processing activity. This field is automatically set. |
| Privacy analyst | Analyst responsible for the processing activity. |
| Business unit | Business unit of the processing activity. |
| Department | Department of the processing activity. |
| Processing activity type | Context of the processing activity such as a business application or a business process. |
| Entity | Entity of the processing activity. |
| Applies to record | Reference record used to create the processing activity record. |
| Owned by | Owner of the processing activity. |
| Data processing role | Defines if a processing activity is a data controller or a data processor. |
| Processing activity status | Status of the processing activity. The choices are as follows: ◦Implementing ◦In Production ◦Pilot ◦Retired ◦Under Evaluation |
| Processing activity category | Category to which the processing activity belongs for example, customer care, finance, and so on. |
| Compliance score | Privacy compliance score calculated based on all the controls mapped to this processing activity. |
| Process owner | Any user, with the sn_privacy.business_user role, from the list of key stakeholders who has the editing privileges for the processing activity. Note: The user selected in this field can update the this field and select a new process owner. Updating this field is only possible when the processing activity is in the Discover or Review state. |
| Data subject |  |
