# Create or manage an information object within a processing activity

*Pages 60–61 of source PDF*


---
*Page 60*

Field Description
Data Format in which the personal information is stored. The choices are as follows:
storage
◦Digital
type
◦Paper
◦Both
Data Physical location of where the personal information is stored.
storage
locations
Data Number of days for which personal information must be retained.
retention
period (in
days)
Data User type related to the personal information that is being used and processed.
subject The choices are as follows:
type
◦Customers
◦Employees
◦Others
Data Range of users for whom the personal information is being processed.
subject
range
Contains This field is automatically set to either Yes or No. If any information object
special associated with the processing activity is classified as special category data,
category then this field is automatically set to Yes.
data?
Obtain Does this processing activity process any special category data such as racial,
special ethnic, political information? The choices are as follows:
category
◦Yes
data?
◦No
Activity
Additional Additional information about the processing activity.
comments
Work notes Internal notes not visible to the external people.
3. Click Save.
What to do next
Send a privacy assessment to a processing activity owner to collect more information on why
and how the processing activity is using personal information. For more information, see Send a
privacy assessment from a processing activity.
Create or manage an information object within a processing activity
Add information objects to the processing activity after a processing activity is created. Adding
information objects helps you understand the types of personal information that is being
processed and the way it is processed. This task helps in applying the appropriate controls to
the processing activity.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2162
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Data storage type | Format in which the personal information is stored. The choices are as follows: ◦Digital ◦Paper ◦Both |
| Data storage locations | Physical location of where the personal information is stored. |
| Data retention period (in days) | Number of days for which personal information must be retained. |
| Data subject type | User type related to the personal information that is being used and processed. The choices are as follows: ◦Customers ◦Employees ◦Others |
| Data subject range | Range of users for whom the personal information is being processed. |
| Contains special category data? | This field is automatically set to either Yes or No. If any information object associated with the processing activity is classified as special category data, then this field is automatically set to Yes. |
| Obtain special category data? | Does this processing activity process any special category data such as racial, ethnic, political information? The choices are as follows: ◦Yes ◦No |
| Activity |  |
| Additional comments | Additional information about the processing activity. |
| Work notes | Internal notes not visible to the external people. |


---
*Page 61*

Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
It is important to note that only the information objects that are tagged with the Personal
information tags are available to be added to a processing activity. For more information on how
to tag information objects see, Classify information objects as personal information.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add controls.
3. Click the [PI] Information objects related list.
4.Click Add.
5. Select the information objects you want to add.
6.Click Add.
Related topics
Modify an information object within a processing activity
Modify an information object within a processing activity
Add details such as justification for storing data to an information object after you add it to
the processing activity. Adding details enables you to define how the personal data is being
processed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
As a privacy analyst, you must provide details how personal data is being used in a given
processing activity. Adding relevant details to an information object helps you achieve this
objective.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > List > Lists > Processing
activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity that contains the information object you want to
modify.
3. Select Processing data inventory > [PI] Information objects.
4.Open the information object that you want to modify.
5. On the Information object to processing activity form, fill in the fields.
Field Description
Information object Name of the information object. This field is
automatically set.
Processing activity Name of the processing activity the
information object is part of. This field is
automatically set.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2163
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Information object | Name of the information object. This field is automatically set. |
| Processing activity | Name of the processing activity the information object is part of. This field is automatically set. |
