# Add data subject type to a processing activity

*Pages 62–62 of source PDF*


---
*Page 62*

Field Description
Type of data Type of personal data. The choices are the
following:
◦General personal information: Examples
are: Name, phone number, address.
◦Special Category: Examples are: Political
opinions, religious beliefs, and so on.
Note: If any information object
associated to a processing activity
is categorized as special category,
the Sensitive field on the processing
activity form is automatically set to
Yes.
◦Criminal Conviction: Examples are
court verdicts, information about legal
proceedings and so on.
Lawful basis for processing Reason for processing personal data.
◦None
◦Legal Obligation
◦Legitimate Interests
CRUD operations Operations that can be performed on the
processing activity. The choices are the
following:
◦Create
◦Read
◦Update
◦Delete
Data coming from Asset from which the data is coming. For
example, you can select the application from
where the data in this processing activity is
populated.
Data sent to Specify where the data is sent.
Information object categories Category of the information object.
Justification for storing this data Reasons for storing and using the personal
data.
6.Click Save.
Add data subject type to a processing activity
Add data subject types to a processing activity in the Privacy Workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager or sn_privacy.analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2164
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type of data | Type of personal data. The choices are the following: ◦General personal information: Examples are: Name, phone number, address. ◦Special Category: Examples are: Political opinions, religious beliefs, and so on. Note: If any information object associated to a processing activity is categorized as special category, the Sensitive field on the processing activity form is automatically set to Yes. ◦Criminal Conviction: Examples are court verdicts, information about legal proceedings and so on. |
| Lawful basis for processing | Reason for processing personal data. ◦None ◦Legal Obligation ◦Legitimate Interests |
| CRUD operations | Operations that can be performed on the processing activity. The choices are the following: ◦Create ◦Read ◦Update ◦Delete |
| Data coming from | Asset from which the data is coming. For example, you can select the application from where the data in this processing activity is populated. |
| Data sent to | Specify where the data is sent. |
| Information object categories | Category of the information object. |
| Justification for storing this data | Reasons for storing and using the personal data. |
