# Add data subject type to privacy impact assessment

*Pages 63–63 of source PDF*


---
*Page 63*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. In the Privacy Workspace, select the List icon ( ).
3. Navigate to Processing activities > All processing activities.
4.Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add a data subject type.
5. Navigate to Processing data inventory > Data subject types.
6.Select Add.
7.In the Add a new data subject type window, select the Data subject type.
8.Select a value for Data subject volume.
9.Select Data subject locations.
10.Select the Information Objects you want to add to the data subject type.
11. Select Add.
Result
The data subject type that you added appears in the Data subject types table.
Add data subject type to privacy impact assessment
Add data subject types to privacy impact assessment from the Employee Center.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.business_user or sn_privacy.admin
About this task
The data subject types you add are automatically added to the processing activity after the
privacy impact assessment (PIA) is approved.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center home page, select GRC tasks.
3. On the GRC Tasks home page, select Tasks.
4.Go to My pending tasks > Privacy assessments.
5. Open the PIA to which you want to add data subject types.
6.On the Data subject types related list, select Add.
Note: You may have to select Resume to view Data subject types.
7.On the Add a new data subject type dialog box, fill the fields.
Add a new data subject type form
Field Description
Data subject type Type of the data subject.
Data subject volume Volume of the data subject.
◦0-49
◦50-99
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2165
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Data subject type | Type of the data subject. |
