# Classify data subject type as vulnerable

*Pages 64–64 of source PDF*


---
*Page 64*

Field Description
◦100-499
◦500-999
◦1000+
Data subject locations Locations that are applicable to the data
subject type.
Information Objects Type of information object.
◦Full name
◦Home address
◦Age
◦Date of birth
◦Education History
◦Gender
◦Email address
◦Criminal Record
8.Select Add.
A confirmation message saying that new record has been created appears.
Result
The data subject types appear in a tabular format.
Data subject types
Classify data subject type as vulnerable
Classify a data subject type as vulnerable. When you mark a data subject type as vulnerable, the
criticality score is calculated as High.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. In the Privacy Workspace, select the List icon ( ).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2166
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦100-499 ◦500-999 ◦1000+ |
| Data subject locations | Locations that are applicable to the data subject type. |
| Information Objects | Type of information object. ◦Full name ◦Home address ◦Age ◦Date of birth ◦Education History ◦Gender ◦Email address ◦Criminal Record |


*Note: Pages 64–64 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
