# Add key stakeholders to a processing activity

*Pages 65–65 of source PDF*


---
*Page 65*

3. Navigate to Privacy elements > Data subject type.
4.Select and open the data subject type you want to classify as vulnerable.
5. Select Vulnerable to mark the data subject type as vulnerable.
6.Select Save.
Result
The data subject type that you classified as vulnerable contributes to the criticality score being
High.
Add key stakeholders to a processing activity
Add key stakeholders to a processing activity and set their privilege to control whether they can
view it, respond to its privacy assessments, or edit it.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
A processing activity can have multiple key stakeholders. While you can add or delete as many
key stakeholders as you want, by default, the entity owner is one of the key stakeholders. You
can add any user as a key stakeholder, including users without privacy roles. Based on their
role, they are assigned default processing activity privileges that control whether they can edit a
processing activity, view it, or respond to its privacy assessments.
You can add key stakeholders only when the processing activity is either in the Discover or
Review states.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All
processing activities.
2. Open the processing activity to which you want to add key stakeholders.
3. Navigate to the Key stakeholders related list, and select Add.
a.Select the stakeholders to add.
b.Select Add.
Selected stakeholders are added to the Key stakeholders related list of the processing
activity. Based on their role, each stakeholder receives a processing activity privilege.
Note: If a user's role changes, a privacy analyst must manually update the user's
processing activity privilege.
4.Modify the processing activity privilege of a key stakeholder.
a.From the Key stakeholders related list of the processing activity, open the stakeholder record
you want to modify.
b.In the Responsibility field, enter the responsibilities for the stakeholder.
c.In the Processing activity privileges field, select one of the following options.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2167
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
