# Delete a control from a processing activity

*Pages 74–74 of source PDF*


---
*Page 74*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add controls.
3. Click the Controls related list.
4.To add a control to the processing activity, do one of the following.
Option Description
Click New and fill in the form.
To create a control
For details see, Create a control.
a.Click Add controls by control objective.
To add a control by using the existing con­ b.Select the control objectives that you want
trol objectives to add.
c.Click Add.
a.From the Add controls by control objective
list, select Recommend controls.
b.Click Add.
To select a control from the list of recom­
mended controls Note: If a control has already been
added to a processing activity, then it
does not appear in the list of recommen­
dations.
Result
The mitigating controls are added to the processing activity.
Delete a control from a processing activity
Delete the controls that are no longer required in the processing activity.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.admin
About this task
You can delete controls if the control objectives associated with those controls have been
erroneously added. If you want to add new controls, you may want to delete existing controls.
Note: If a control is associated with any other entity or entity type, then you cannot delete
the control. By deleting a control, you can only remove the association of that control with
the processing activity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity from which you want to delete controls.
3. Click the Controls related list.
4.Select the controls that you want to delete.
5. Click Delete.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2176
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
