# Create or manage risks on a processing activity

*Pages 75–75 of source PDF*


---
*Page 75*

Result
The selected controls are deleted from the processing activity.
Create or manage risks on a processing activity
Add new risks or manage the risks that are automatically added to the processing activity from
the assessment responses. Adding risks helps you manage processing activities using the risk-
based approach.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst who owns the processing activity or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
You can add or manage risks to a processing activity in the following ways:
•Selecting risk statements: You can add existing risk statements to a processing activity. When
you add a risk statements to a processing activity, the risks associated with that particular risk
statement are added to the processing activity.
•Selecting from the recommended risks: This option enables you to choose from a list of
recommended risks based on the information object that is mapped to a processing activity.
If an information object is mapped to one or more risk statements, and the same information
object is mapped to a processing activity, the system recommends the corresponding risk
statements.
•Creating risks: You can create risks and add them to the processing activity.
•Applying risks from entities: You can apply privacy-related risks on the processing activity from
the related entity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add controls.
3. Click the Risks related list.
4.To add a risk to the processing activity, do one of the following.
Option Description
Click New and fill in the form.
To create a risk
For details see, Create a risk.
a.Click Add risk by risk statement.
To add a risk by using the existing risk state­ b.Select the risk statements that you want to
ment add.
c.Click Add.
a.From the Add risk by risk statement list, se­
lect Recommend risks.
b.Click Add.
To select a risk from the list of recommend­
ed risks
Note: If a risk has already been added
to a processing activity, then it does not
appear in the list of recommendations.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2177
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
