# Create or add issues on a processing activity

*Pages 76–76 of source PDF*


---
*Page 76*

Result
The mitigating controls are added to the processing activity.
Manage chat collaborations of a processing activity
Initiate quick discussions with key stakeholders while working on a processing activity, privacy
case, or a personal data rights request. The chat feature is integrated with Microsoft Teams and a
group is automatically created on Microsoft Teams when a discussion is initiated.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
Because privacy cases are time-sensitive, they sometimes need quick collaborations. The
Discuss button facilitates these collaborations and the chats are stored making it simpler for
the privacy teams to refer to them when working on a task. Apart from processing activities,
the Discuss feature is available for privacy cases, and personal data rights requests. For more
information, refer to Sidebar and Microsoft Teams .
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > List > My items > Processing
activities.
2. Open the processing activity that you want to discuss.
3. Select the More actions icon.
4.Select Discuss.
The Start a Sidebar discussion window opens with the key stakeholders added as participants.
5. Type your message and select Start discussion.
Result
The chat gets stored and can be viewed under Activity on the side panel.
Create or add issues on a processing activity
Create issues or add existing issues for a processing activity. Associating issues to a processing
activity helps you to identify and prioritize remediation actions. Relating issues reduces the
number of issues customers need to manage, thus improving the overall organizational efficiency
in management of these issues.​
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst (who owns the processing activity) or sn_privacy.manager
About this task
Issues get created when there are control attestation failures. You can also manually add
or create multiple issues for a processing activity. You can also map one issue to multiple
processing activities. If you create an issue for a processing activity from the Privacy Workspace,
the Issue source field is set to Ad-Hoc.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace > Processing activities > All processing activities.
2. Select and open the processing activity to which you want to add issues.
3. Click the More related list.
4.Click Issues.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2178
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
