# Configuring Privacy Case Management

*Pages 95–102 of source PDF*


---
*Page 95*

own governing laws. Therefore, when a breach occurs in California, the applicable laws and
regulations specific to California are applied. Jurisdictions also provide important details, such
as the number of individuals impacted within that specific region.
Configuring Privacy Case Management
Follow the order of the tasks given here to configure Privacy Case Management application.
These tasks help you to manage the compliance cases effectively.
Install Privacy Case Management
You can install the Privacy Case Management application (sn_privacy_case) if you have
®
the admin role.The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store
applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
Before you begin
•Ensure that the application and all of its associated ServiceNow Store applications have valid
ServiceNow entitlements. For more information, see Get entitlement for a ServiceNow product
or application .
Role required: admin
About this task
The following items are installed with Privacy Case Management:
•Plugins
•Store applications
•Roles
•Scheduled jobs
•Tables
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the Privacy Case Management application (sn_privacy_case) using the filter criteria and
search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you cannot find the application, you
might have to request it from the ServiceNow Store.
In the list next to the Install button, the versions that are available to you are displayed.
3. Select a version from the list and select Install.
In the Review Installation Details dialog box, any dependencies installed with your application
are listed.
4.If you're prompted, follow the links to the ServiceNow Store to get any additional entitlements
for dependencies.
5. Optional: If demo data is available and you want to install it, select the Load demo data check
box.
Demo data are the sample records that describe application features for common use cases.
Load the demo data when you first install the application on a development or test instance.
6.Select Install.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2197
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 96*

Create a view rule
Create view rules to define the form view of the privacy cases in the Privacy Workspace.
Specifying the rules helps you to control how the privacy case form appears.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > Case type.
2. Select the View Rules related list on the case type form.
3. Select New.
4.On the View Rule form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the fields on the View Rule form, see View rule form.
5. Select Submit.
View rule form
Learn about the fields on the view rule form. Use this form to define workspace and default view
rules in the Privacy Case Management application.
On the view rule form, fill in the fields.
View rule form
Field Description
Name Unique name to identify the rule.
Table Table this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to Privacy case
[sn_privacy_case_privacy_case].
View View for which you’re creating the rule. The choices are as follows:
•Default view: Select this option to define the form view on the Core UI.
•Workspace: Select this option to define the form view on the Privacy
Workspace.
Experience Option to decide if the rule must be restricted to one workspace or to multiple
Restricted workspaces.
Application Name of the application this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set
to GRC: Advanced Risk.
Execution Order in which this view rule executes if there are multiple rules.
Order
Active Option to activate the view rule.
Create an assignment rule
Specify the conditions for assigning a privacy case to a particular user or group by creating
assignment rules.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2198
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name to identify the rule. |
| Table | Table this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to Privacy case [sn_privacy_case_privacy_case]. |
| View | View for which you’re creating the rule. The choices are as follows: •Default view: Select this option to define the form view on the Core UI. •Workspace: Select this option to define the form view on the Privacy Workspace. |
| Experience Restricted | Option to decide if the rule must be restricted to one workspace or to multiple workspaces. |
| Application | Name of the application this view rule applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Advanced Risk. |
| Execution Order | Order in which this view rule executes if there are multiple rules. |
| Active | Option to activate the view rule. |


---
*Page 97*

About this task
To determine the appropriate person or group to handle a privacy case, establish assignment
rules that outline the necessary criteria. For instance, if the case pertains to data protection and
information security, it should be assigned to the appropriate individual or team.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > Case type.
2. Select the Assignment Rules related list on the Assignment Rule form.
3. Select New.
4.On the Assignment Rule form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Assignment Rule form, see Assignment rule form.
5. Select Submit.
Assignment rule form
Learn about the fields on the assignment rule form. Use this form to define case assignment rules
in the Privacy Case Management application.
Assignment rule form
For a description of the field values, see the following table:
Assignment rule form
Field Description
Name Name of the assignment rule.
Application Name of the application this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically
set to GRC: Privacy Case Management.
Active Option to enable the assignment rule.
Applies To
Table Table this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically set to Privacy
case [sn_privacy_case_privacy_case].
Conditions Conditions to be defined for the case type's assignment rule.
Assign to
User User the case is assigned to.
Group Group the case is assigned to.
Script
Script Script to define advanced assignment rule.
Create state model transition
Create state models to control the workflow of a privacy case by defining the states and
transition conditions.
Before you begin
Ensure that you are in the GRC: Privacy Case Management application.
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2199
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assignment rule. |
| Application | Name of the application this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Privacy Case Management. |
| Active | Option to enable the assignment rule. |
| Applies To |  |
| Table | Table this assignment rule applies to. This field is automatically set to Privacy case [sn_privacy_case_privacy_case]. |
| Conditions | Conditions to be defined for the case type's assignment rule. |
| Assign to |  |
| User | User the case is assigned to. |
| Group | Group the case is assigned to. |
| Script |  |
| Script | Script to define advanced assignment rule. |


---
*Page 98*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > State Models.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
State model form
Field Description
Name Name of the state model. For example,
Breach case.
Application Scope of the application. This field is
automatically set to GRC: Privacy Case
Management.
Active Option to indicate that the state model is
active or inactive.
Table name Table this state model applies to.
State model field Fields that contain the state model value in
the table that this state model applies to.
State field Fields that contain the state value in the table
that this state model applies to. This field is
automatically set to State [state].
4.Select Submit.
Define the workflow states for a privacy case
Define the workflow states for a privacy case that govern the lifecycle of the case.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
About this task
A privacy case typically goes through the following workflow states that can be configured in the
Privacy Case Management application:
•New: The case has been opened and is in the initial stage of review.
•Triage: The case is being evaluated to determine the appropriate course of action.
•Investigate: The case is being actively investigated to gather information and evidence.
•Resolve: The case is being worked on to find a resolution.
•Post case review: A review of the case is being done after it is resolved.
•Close: The case is closed and is no longer active.
•Cancel:The case is cancelled and it is no longer being pursued.
These states can vary depending on the organization's privacy case management process.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > State Models.
2. Open the state model that you created and want to add the workflow for.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2200
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the state model. For example, Breach case. |
| Application | Scope of the application. This field is automatically set to GRC: Privacy Case Management. |
| Active | Option to indicate that the state model is active or inactive. |
| Table name | Table this state model applies to. |
| State model field | Fields that contain the state model value in the table that this state model applies to. |
| State field | Fields that contain the state value in the table that this state model applies to. This field is automatically set to State [state]. |


---
*Page 99*

3. On the GRC workflow states context menu, select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Workflow state form
Field Description
State Name of the workflow state. Choices are the
following:
◦New
◦Triage
◦Investigate
◦Resolve
◦Post case review
◦Close
◦Canceled
Model State model that uses this workflow state.
This field is automatically set to the state
model name.
Application Name of the application this state model
applies to. This field is automatically set to
GRC: Privacy Case Management.
Display type Display type of the workflow state. Choices
are the following:
◦As node: Display as a parent state.
◦As sub-level: Display as a sub-state of the
parent state.
Stepper label Label to be displayed on the stepper
component for the state.
Parent model state Parent state for the sub-level state. This field
appears only when As sub-level is selected
from Display type.
Is optional Option to select the state as optional. This
field appears only when As node is selected
from the Display type field.
5. Create the other states similarly.
6.Select Submit.
Define the model state transitions for a privacy case
Define the transition conditions to control how a compliance case traverses through the different
workflow states by using the Privacy Case Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2201
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| State | Name of the workflow state. Choices are the following: ◦New ◦Triage ◦Investigate ◦Resolve ◦Post case review ◦Close ◦Canceled |
| Model | State model that uses this workflow state. This field is automatically set to the state model name. |
| Application | Name of the application this state model applies to. This field is automatically set to GRC: Privacy Case Management. |
| Display type | Display type of the workflow state. Choices are the following: ◦As node: Display as a parent state. ◦As sub-level: Display as a sub-state of the parent state. |
| Stepper label | Label to be displayed on the stepper component for the state. |
| Parent model state | Parent state for the sub-level state. This field appears only when As sub-level is selected from Display type. |
| Is optional | Option to select the state as optional. This field appears only when As node is selected from the Display type field. |


---
*Page 100*

About this task
The state transitions are a list of conditions for entering or exiting each state that is defined for a
table. In the State Transitions table, use the condition builder to build a list of required conditions
for entering or exiting each state.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > State Models.
2. Open the state model that you want to define the model state transition for.
3. To define the model state transition, select the required workflow state.
4.On the Model State Transitions context menu, select New.
5. Select the state that you want to move to from the selected state.
6.Optional: To enable the automatic transition of the workflow state, select the Automatic
transition option.
7.Open the form context menu and select Save.
The GRC model state transition conditions related list appears.
8.On the GRC model state transition conditions context menu, select New.
9.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the GRC model state transition form, see GRC model
state transition condition form.
10.Select Submit.
GRC model state transition condition form
Use the GRC Model State Transition Condition form to define the transition conditions to control
how a compliance case traverses through the different workflow states by using the Privacy Case
Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
GRC Model State Transition Condition
Field Description
Name Name of the condition.
State transition Transition of states. This field is automatically
set to the model state transition value.
Active Option to enable the model state transition
condition.
Description Description of this state transition. For
example, in the Description field for the New
state, you could enter New state can
move only to Analyze state.
Error message Error message to be displayed when the
conditions aren’t met.
Requires Transition conditions:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2202
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the condition. |
| State transition | Transition of states. This field is automatically set to the model state transition value. |
| Active | Option to enable the model state transition condition. |
| Description | Description of this state transition. For example, in the Description field for the New state, you could enter New state can move only to Analyze state. |
| Error message | Error message to be displayed when the conditions aren’t met. |


---
*Page 101*

GRC Model State Transition Condition (continued)
Field Description
•Task has been through Approval: Condition
passes if the related task has an approval
that is either accepted or rejected.
•Task is Approved: Condition passes when
the task is approved.
•Task is Rejected: Condition passes when
the task is rejected.
•Transition Condition: Conditions for this
state transition.
•Transition Script: Advanced conditions for
this state transition.
Condition Conditions to be defined for this state
transition. This field appears only when
Transition Condition is selected from
Requires.
Script Script to be defined for this state transition.
This field appears only when Transition Script
is selected from Requires.
Create a privacy case assessment template
Create an assessment and send those assessments to the privacy case task owners to collect
their responses. The responses help the privacy case analysts to determine the breaches that
have occurred due to the privacy case.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
About this task
Instead of using the default template, you can create a questionnaire template for assessing
privacy cases. After you set up the assessment template, it’s available in the case task section
for the Assessment case type.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > Assessment Templates.
2. Select New.
3. On the Assessment Metric Type form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Assessment Metric Type form, see Assessment
metric type form.
4.Select Submit.
What to do next
You can revise the assessment template from the Assessment workspace. All new assessments
use the revised version once published. In-progress assessments based on the retired version
finish against the questionnaire they started with. See Create a version of a privacy assessment
template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2203
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Task has been through Approval: Condition passes if the related task has an approval that is either accepted or rejected. •Task is Approved: Condition passes when the task is approved. •Task is Rejected: Condition passes when the task is rejected. •Transition Condition: Conditions for this state transition. •Transition Script: Advanced conditions for this state transition. |
| Condition | Conditions to be defined for this state transition. This field appears only when Transition Condition is selected from Requires. |
| Script | Script to be defined for this state transition. This field appears only when Transition Script is selected from Requires. |


---
*Page 102*

Assessment metric type form
Use the Assessment Metric Type form to create an assessment questionnaire template instead
of using the default template.
Assessment metric type form
For a description of the fields, see the following table:
Assessment metric type form
Field Description
Name Name of the assessment template.
Assessment Length of time allowed for completing the assessment from the time the
duration assessment is generated.
Table Table this assessment template applies to.
State Status of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft.
Roles Roles that have read access to the template.
Description Purpose of the assessment template and the reason for its creation.
Introduction Guidance text for business users who respond to the assessment.
Configure inbound email to enable privacy case creation
Set up a designated email address that employees can use to report privacy cases through
email.
Before you begin
Role required: Privacy admin
Procedure
1.Configure inbound email configuration:
a.Navigate to All > System Properties > Email Properties.
b.In Inbound Email Configuration section, do the following:
◦Set Email receiving enabled to Yes.
This enables the instance to process incoming emails.
◦Set Automatically create users for incoming emails from trusted domains to Yes.
This enables the application to create user records for senders from trusted domains.
2. Add the group email address for privacy case creation:
a.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > Case Configuration > Case Type.
b.Select the Inbound Email Configuration tab.
c.Add the group email address (for example, create-<case/
inquiry>@emaildomain.com).
This email address is used by requesters to send privacy requests that automatically
generate as cases.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2204
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assessment template. |
| Assessment duration | Length of time allowed for completing the assessment from the time the assessment is generated. |
| Table | Table this assessment template applies to. |
| State | Status of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft. |
| Roles | Roles that have read access to the template. |
| Description | Purpose of the assessment template and the reason for its creation. |
| Introduction | Guidance text for business users who respond to the assessment. |
