# Using Privacy Case Management

*Pages 106–129 of source PDF*


---
*Page 106*

Field Description
Description Brief description of the data element.
3. Select Submit.
Create a region
Create geographic regions based on the data of the residents that is collected as a part of your
business operations. Examples of regions are America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and so on.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin. This role must contain the user_admin role.
About this task
When you create a region, it is necessary to set the Parent field as empty.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > Breach Assessment Configuration > Regions.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
4.Select Submit.
Create a jurisdiction for a region
Create jurisdictions for regions for data breach notification obligations as each obligation is
broken down by jurisdiction. Jurisdiction can be created two levels below a region.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin. This role must contain the user_admin role.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Case Management > Breach Assessment Configuration > Regions.
2. Open the region for which you want to add jurisdictions.
3. Select the Locations related list.
4.Select New.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
6.Select Submit.
Using Privacy Case Management
You can use the Privacy Case Management application to report privacy cases and manage the
lifecycle of a privacy case.
Reporting a privacy case
Any user can report a privacy case or an event that needs the attention of the privacy team.
As a business user, you can report a case using one the following options:
•Employee Center
•Privacy Workspace
•Anonymous Reporting Center
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2208
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Brief description of the data element. |


---
*Page 107*

Report a privacy case from the Employee Center
Use the Employee Center to report any privacy breaches and complaints directly to the privacy
teams. Reporting these cases helps to reduce and avert losses.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.business_user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select the Risk & Compliance tab.
3. Select Report a privacy case.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
See the Employee Center privacy case creation form for an explanation of each field.
5. To provide supporting material or evidence, select Add attachments.
6.Select Submit.
Employee Center privacy case creation form
On the new privacy case form in the Employee Center, fill in the fields as appropriate.
Report a privacy case form
Field Description
Title Name of the case. For example, Customer
records compromised by
unprotected back-up database.
Description Brief description of the case.
Case type Nature or type of the case. This field is
automatically set to Privacy case.
Case subtype Subtype of the case. For example,
Documentation Loss.
Date of occurrence Date the case occurred. For example, the case
may have occurred on 18-02-2022.
Date of discovery Date the case was discovered by you. For
example, the case may have occurred on
18-02-2022, but was discovered only on
12-03-2022.
Personal information
Categories of data subjects/individuals People impacted by the case. The choices are:
impacted
•Customers
•Employees
Number of impacted individuals Number of people impacted by the case.
Select the personal information attributes Attributes of personal information that have
involved been compromised in the case.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2209
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Title | Name of the case. For example, Customer records compromised by unprotected back-up database. |
| Description | Brief description of the case. |
| Case type | Nature or type of the case. This field is automatically set to Privacy case. |
| Case subtype | Subtype of the case. For example, Documentation Loss. |
| Date of occurrence | Date the case occurred. For example, the case may have occurred on 18-02-2022. |
| Date of discovery | Date the case was discovered by you. For example, the case may have occurred on 18-02-2022, but was discovered only on 12-03-2022. |
| Personal information |  |
| Categories of data subjects/individuals impacted | People impacted by the case. The choices are: •Customers •Employees |
| Number of impacted individuals | Number of people impacted by the case. |
| Select the personal information attributes involved | Attributes of personal information that have been compromised in the case. |

|  | Customer |
| --- | --- |
| records compromised by |  |
| unprotected back-up database |  |


---
*Page 108*

Report a privacy case form (continued)
Field Description
Provide additional personal information Details of other personal information that is
impacted by the breach.
Select the key stakeholders who own this Key stakeholders of the application.
application
Case origin
Impacted business unit Business unit that is impacted by the breach.
Impacted department Department impacted by the breach.
Where the case occurred (location)? Location of the case occurrence. For example,
the location is Japan.
Where the case occurred (Sub-location)? Sub location of the case occurrence. For
example, the sub location is Tokyo.
Create a privacy case in the Privacy Workspace
Report any privacy breaches and complaints to help reduce and avert losses.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy.analyst
About this task
At times, users can also report a case to the privacy teams using offline modes such as phone
calls or emails. The privacy teams then create these cases in the Privacy Workspace and then
attach the relevant details to the case.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Workspace.
2. On the home page, navigate to the Privacy cases tab.
3. From the Create drop-down, select Privacy case.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
See the privacy new case form for an explanation of each field.
5. Select Save.
Privacy new case form
On the new privacy case form, fill in the fields.
New Privacy case form
Field Description
Number Number of the case. This field is automatically
set.
Title Name of the case. For example, Customer
records compromised by
unprotected back-up database.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2210
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provide additional personal information | Details of other personal information that is impacted by the breach. |
| Select the key stakeholders who own this application | Key stakeholders of the application. |
| Case origin |  |
| Impacted business unit | Business unit that is impacted by the breach. |
| Impacted department | Department impacted by the breach. |
| Where the case occurred (location)? | Location of the case occurrence. For example, the location is Japan. |
| Where the case occurred (Sub-location)? | Sub location of the case occurrence. For example, the sub location is Tokyo. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Number of the case. This field is automatically set. |
| Title | Name of the case. For example, Customer records compromised by unprotected back-up database. |

|  | Customer |
| --- | --- |
| records compromised by |  |
| unprotected back-up database |  |


---
*Page 109*

New Privacy case form (continued)
Field Description
Type Nature or type of case. This field is
automatically set to Privacy case.
State Workflow state of the case. This field is
automatically set to New.
Requester Person who reported the case.
Primary entity Entity impacted by the case. Only the entities
identified in the impacted areas are available
for selection as the primary entity.
Sub-type Sub type of case. For example,
Documentation Loss.
Priority Priority of the case. The choices are as follows:
•1 - Critical
•2- High
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Planning
Note: The default value in this field is
set to Planning.
Requested on behalf of Name of the person on whose behalf you’ve
created the case.
Entity owner User who is the owner of the entity. This field is
automatically set based on the entity selected
in the Impacted areas related list.
Description Brief description of the case.
Personal information
Contains personal information Field to decide if the breach contains personal
information. The choices are as follows:
•To be decided: Select this option if you’re
not sure if the breach has personal
information.
•Yes: Select this option if the breach has
personal information.
•No: Select this option if the breach doesn’t
have personal information.
Number of impacted individuals Number of people impacted by the case.
Categories of data subjects/individuals Define who is impacted by the case. The
impacted choices are as follows:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2211
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | Nature or type of case. This field is automatically set to Privacy case. |
| State | Workflow state of the case. This field is automatically set to New. |
| Requester | Person who reported the case. |
| Primary entity | Entity impacted by the case. Only the entities identified in the impacted areas are available for selection as the primary entity. |
| Sub-type | Sub type of case. For example, Documentation Loss. |
| Priority | Priority of the case. The choices are as follows: •1 - Critical •2- High •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Planning Note: The default value in this field is set to Planning. |
| Requested on behalf of | Name of the person on whose behalf you’ve created the case. |
| Entity owner | User who is the owner of the entity. This field is automatically set based on the entity selected in the Impacted areas related list. |
| Description | Brief description of the case. |
| Personal information |  |
| Contains personal information | Field to decide if the breach contains personal information. The choices are as follows: •To be decided: Select this option if you’re not sure if the breach has personal information. •Yes: Select this option if the breach has personal information. •No: Select this option if the breach doesn’t have personal information. |
| Number of impacted individuals | Number of people impacted by the case. |


---
*Page 110*

New Privacy case form (continued)
Field Description
•Customers
•Employees
Assignment
Assignment group Group assigned to the case.
Note: The assignment group is
preconfigured to the case type during
configuration setup.
Case analyst Analyst who will analyze and work on the case.
The case analyst is a part of the Assignment
group.
Watch list People who must be aware of the case.
Accountable executive Executive who is accountable for the case.
Primary origin
Location Location where the case occurred. For
example, the location is Japan.
Impacted business unit Business unit that is impacted by the breach.
Source Source of the case creation. This field is
automatically set to Manual when the case is
manually created. If the case is reported from
the Employee Center, the field displays the
source as Employee Center.
Additional source Mode of how the case is reported when the
case is created manually. This field is available
only when Manual is selected from the Source
field and the record is saved. The choices are
as follows:
•Email
•Phone
Sub-location Sub location of the case occurrence. For
example, the sub location is Tokyo.
Impacted department Department impacted by the case. The
choices are as follows:
•Finance
•HR
•IT
•Marketing
•Sales
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2212
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Customers •Employees |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignment group | Group assigned to the case. Note: The assignment group is preconfigured to the case type during configuration setup. |
| Case analyst | Analyst who will analyze and work on the case. The case analyst is a part of the Assignment group. |
| Watch list | People who must be aware of the case. |
| Accountable executive | Executive who is accountable for the case. |
| Primary origin |  |
| Location | Location where the case occurred. For example, the location is Japan. |
| Impacted business unit | Business unit that is impacted by the breach. |
| Source | Source of the case creation. This field is automatically set to Manual when the case is manually created. If the case is reported from the Employee Center, the field displays the source as Employee Center. |
| Additional source | Mode of how the case is reported when the case is created manually. This field is available only when Manual is selected from the Source field and the record is saved. The choices are as follows: •Email •Phone |
| Sub-location | Sub location of the case occurrence. For example, the sub location is Tokyo. |
| Impacted department | Department impacted by the case. The choices are as follows: •Finance •HR •IT •Marketing •Sales |


---
*Page 111*

New Privacy case form (continued)
Field Description
Source record Source record of source object from where
the case is created. For example, if the case
is reported from risk events, then this field
displays the name of the risk event from which
the case is reported.
Schedule
Date of occurrence Date the case occurred. For example, the case
may have occurred on 18-02-2022.
Date of discovery Date the case is discovered by you. For
example, the case may have occurred on
18-02-2022, but is discovered by the user only
on 12-03-2022.
Reported date Date the case is reported.
Case closure SLA Expected date of case closure.
Investigation planned start Planned start date to investigate the case.
Investigation actual start Actual start date of case investigation.
Remediation planned start Planned start date to remediate the case.
Remediation actual start Actual start date of case remediation.
Investigation planned end Planned end date to investigate the case.
Investigation actual end Actual end date of case investigation.
Remediation planned end Planned end date of case remediation.
Remediation actual end Actual end date of case remediation.
Breach analysis
Breach status Status to indicate if a breach has occurred or
not. The choices are as follows:
•To be determined: This is the default value.
•Breach detected: If the breach is confirmed.
•Future potential: If the breach has not
occurred but may occur in the future.
•Not a breach: When there is no breach
detected.
Breach start Date the breach started. This field only
appears when Breach detected or Future
potential is selected from the Breach status
field.
Reporting status Status of the case being reported to the
regulators. This field is automatically set based
on the reporting status of the regulations
associated with the case. If a case has many
regulations and even if one regulation is
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2213
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Source record | Source record of source object from where the case is created. For example, if the case is reported from risk events, then this field displays the name of the risk event from which the case is reported. |
| Schedule |  |
| Date of occurrence | Date the case occurred. For example, the case may have occurred on 18-02-2022. |
| Date of discovery | Date the case is discovered by you. For example, the case may have occurred on 18-02-2022, but is discovered by the user only on 12-03-2022. |
| Reported date | Date the case is reported. |
| Case closure SLA | Expected date of case closure. |
| Investigation planned start | Planned start date to investigate the case. |
| Investigation actual start | Actual start date of case investigation. |
| Remediation planned start | Planned start date to remediate the case. |
| Remediation actual start | Actual start date of case remediation. |
| Investigation planned end | Planned end date to investigate the case. |
| Investigation actual end | Actual end date of case investigation. |
| Remediation planned end | Planned end date of case remediation. |
| Remediation actual end | Actual end date of case remediation. |
| Breach analysis |  |
| Breach status | Status to indicate if a breach has occurred or not. The choices are as follows: •To be determined: This is the default value. •Breach detected: If the breach is confirmed. •Future potential: If the breach has not occurred but may occur in the future. •Not a breach: When there is no breach detected. |
| Breach start | Date the breach started. This field only appears when Breach detected or Future potential is selected from the Breach status field. |


---
*Page 112*

New Privacy case form (continued)
Field Description
identified as reportable, then the reporting
status of the case is set to Reportable. The
default value of this field is To be determined.
Breach end Date the breach ended. This field only appears
when Breach detected or Future potential is
selected from the Breach status field.
Breach significance identified Date when the user identifies that the breach
is significant. This field only appears when
Breach detected or Future potential is
selected from the Breach status field.
Root cause analysis
Primary cause Primary cause of the case occurrence. This
field is automatically set to the primary
cause that is selected in the Cause and
consequences related list.
Related consequence Consequences of the primary cause for the
case.
Overall observations Observations made regarding the case.
Remediation taken Field to indicate if remediation measures have
been taken to address the case. The choices
are as follows:
•Yes
•No
Overall preventive measures Preventive measures taken toward the case.
Activity
Work notes (Private) Notes or information regarding the case.
Additional comments (Customer visible) Additional information regarding the case for
the customers.
Report a privacy case through email
Identify and manage issues related to the impacted areas for the reported privacy case. You can
also create issues from the Privacy Case Management landing page.
Before you begin
Role required: N/A
You must know:
•The email address designated for reporting privacy incident (for example
privacy@company.com).
•The instance email ID for your ServiceNow environment (for example,
<instancename>@service-now.com).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2214
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | identified as reportable, then the reporting status of the case is set to Reportable. The default value of this field is To be determined. |
| Breach end | Date the breach ended. This field only appears when Breach detected or Future potential is selected from the Breach status field. |
| Breach significance identified | Date when the user identifies that the breach is significant. This field only appears when Breach detected or Future potential is selected from the Breach status field. |
| Root cause analysis |  |
| Primary cause | Primary cause of the case occurrence. This field is automatically set to the primary cause that is selected in the Cause and consequences related list. |
| Related consequence | Consequences of the primary cause for the case. |
| Overall observations | Observations made regarding the case. |
| Remediation taken | Field to indicate if remediation measures have been taken to address the case. The choices are as follows: •Yes •No |
| Overall preventive measures | Preventive measures taken toward the case. |
| Activity |  |
| Work notes (Private) | Notes or information regarding the case. |
| Additional comments (Customer visible) | Additional information regarding the case for the customers. |


---
*Page 113*

Procedure
1.Compose the email in Outlook.
a.In the To field, enter the designated privacy request email address and the instance email ID.
The instance name should be in the format: <instancename>@service-now.com
b.Optional: Add recipients in CC if you want them added to the case watchlist.
2. Use Outlook’s Importance setting to mark the priority (for example, High or Low).
This priority will map to the Priority field in the created case.
3. Add email Content
a.In the Subject, provide a clear subject line that will help classify the case easily.
b.In the Body, include the information about the privacy incident.
4.Add any relevant attachments.
Attachments are stored in the case record for reference.
5. Select Send.
Result
The email triggers an inbound email action in the Privacy Management application and creates a
privacy case.
Field mapping after email submission:
•Subject → Title field
The subject in the email is automatically captured in the Title field of the privacy case.
•Body Content → Description field in the case
The text in the email body is automatically captured in the Description field of the privacy case.
•Importance → Priority field
The importance level set in the email (for example, High) is mapped to the Priority field in the
case.
•Source → Email
The source of the case is recorded as Email, indicating that the case was created from an
inbound email.
•Sender → Requester field
The email sender’s name is added as the Requester in the case.
•CC Recipients → Watchlist
Any recipients included in the CC field of the email are added to the case Watchlist, allowing
them to receive updates.
For privacy admin, the case will be visible in Workspaces > Privacy Workspace > List > Cases >
Unassigned cases.
Any reply sent by the admin appears in the Email tab of the privacy case.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2215
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 114*

Report a privacy case anonymously
Use the Anonymous Reporting Center (ARC) to submit any suspected or confirmed privacy case
without disclosing your identity.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_business_user
Note: This role is only required to access the Employee Center. No role is required to
submit a report directly through ARC.
About this task
ARC enables you to report suspected misconduct safely and confidentially, encouraging early
disclosure of privacy issues that might otherwise go unreported. You can report a case anytime,
without sharing your name or contact details. Investigators only see the report details, not who
submitted it.
Note: When submitting an anonymous report, don't include personal data about yourself
or other individuals that could directly or indirectly reveal an identity. For example, names,
email addresses, or phone numbers.
Anonymous reports accept standard text characters. Avoid including executable code, scripts,
or unsupported special characters, because they may be removed automatically during
submission. For more information, refer to Overview of Anonymous Reporting Center.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center landing page, select Risk and compliance.
3. Select the Visit Anonymous Report Center card.
You're signed out of your employee account to maintain anonymity.
4.Select Continue.
5. On the ARC landing page, select Submit a report anonymously.
6.Select Report a privacy case.
7.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Report a Privacy Case form, see Anonymous
privacy case form.
8.Enter the CAPTCHA verification code on the screen.
9.Select Submit.
10.To save a PDF copy of your report, select Download report copy.
Note: Save the report securely. The Report key and Report number are required to
access updates or comments related to an anonymous report.
Result
A privacy case is created and routed to the privacy case team for review. Your identity remains
anonymous and is recorded as a guest. If the assigned case analyst needs more details, they
may add comments to the report.
To respond to their comments, refer to Follow up on a case anonymously.
Anonymous privacy case form
The fields in the Report a privacy case form capture information about the suspected or
confirmed privacy issue while keeping the reporter's identity confidential.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2216
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 115*

Report a privacy case form
Field Description
Type of privacy case Nature of the privacy issue. For example,
violation of customer data.
Brief summary of the privacy case Short description of the privacy issue.
Date you became aware of this issue Date when the case was discovered.
Describe what happened in a few words Detailed account of what occurred, why it
violates privacy standards, and potential
organizational impact.
Rate this case on priority Priority level of the case.
•1 - Critical
•2 - High
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Planning
Business units involved or impacted Business units affected by the privacy issue.
For example, HR, Operations, or Customer
Service.
Departments involved or impacted Departments affected by the privacy issue. For
example, IT, Marketing, or Legal.
Location/jurisdiction Location where the event occurred. For
example, office site, department area, or
customer environment.
Type of individuals impacted Category of individuals whose data is affected.
For example, employees, former employees,
customers, contractors, vendors, or partners.
Personal data impacted Types of personal data that were
compromised. For example, credit card details,
government ID numbers, or health information.
Number of impacted individuals Total number of individuals whose
personal data was exposed, accessed, or
compromised.
Related topics
Anonymous Reporting Center
Report a privacy case anonymously
Initiate a breach assessment from a case
Initiate a breach assessment from a privacy case to capture the details of breach, the type of
data that is impacted, and so on. These details help the privacy analyst to identify if the breach
must be notified to a regulator.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2217
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type of privacy case | Nature of the privacy issue. For example, violation of customer data. |
| Brief summary of the privacy case | Short description of the privacy issue. |
| Date you became aware of this issue | Date when the case was discovered. |
| Describe what happened in a few words | Detailed account of what occurred, why it violates privacy standards, and potential organizational impact. |
| Rate this case on priority | Priority level of the case. •1 - Critical •2 - High •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Planning |
| Business units involved or impacted | Business units affected by the privacy issue. For example, HR, Operations, or Customer Service. |
| Departments involved or impacted | Departments affected by the privacy issue. For example, IT, Marketing, or Legal. |
| Location/jurisdiction | Location where the event occurred. For example, office site, department area, or customer environment. |
| Type of individuals impacted | Category of individuals whose data is affected. For example, employees, former employees, customers, contractors, vendors, or partners. |
| Personal data impacted | Types of personal data that were compromised. For example, credit card details, government ID numbers, or health information. |
| Number of impacted individuals | Total number of individuals whose personal data was exposed, accessed, or compromised. |


---
*Page 116*

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case that from which you want to initiate the breach assessment.
5. Select Initiate breach assessment.
6.On the new breach assessment form, fill in the fields.
New data breach assessment form
Field Description
Priority Urgency of the breach.
Reviewers Reviewer who would review the details of the
breach.
Name Name of the breach. For example, 500
customer records compromised
by unprotected back-up database
The exposed database contained
50 gigabytes.
Description Brief description of the breach. For
example, 500 customer records
compromised by unprotected
back-up database The exposed
database contained 50
gigabytes. This assessment
helps in understanding the
potential risks, assessing
the extent of compromised
information, and implementing
appropriate measures to
mitigate the damage. It is
essential for safeguarding
sensitive data, maintaining
trust among employees, and
ensuring compliance with
privacy regulations.
Observations Observations made by the creator of the
assessment.
Due date Due date of the assessment.
Date of discovery Date when the assessment was discovered.
Assignment group Group that must review the assessment.
Assigned to User who must review the assessment.
Additional comments Additional information or comments for the
reviewer.
7.Select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2218
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Priority | Urgency of the breach. |
| Reviewers | Reviewer who would review the details of the breach. |
| Name | Name of the breach. For example, 500 customer records compromised by unprotected back-up database The exposed database contained 50 gigabytes. |
| Description | Brief description of the breach. For example, 500 customer records compromised by unprotected back-up database The exposed database contained 50 gigabytes. This assessment helps in understanding the potential risks, assessing the extent of compromised information, and implementing appropriate measures to mitigate the damage. It is essential for safeguarding sensitive data, maintaining trust among employees, and ensuring compliance with privacy regulations. |
| Observations | Observations made by the creator of the assessment. |
| Due date | Due date of the assessment. |
| Date of discovery | Date when the assessment was discovered. |
| Assignment group | Group that must review the assessment. |
| Assigned to | User who must review the assessment. |
| Additional comments | Additional information or comments for the reviewer. |

| customer records compromised |
| --- |
| by unprotected back-up database |
| The exposed database contained |
| 50 gigabytes. |

|  | 500 customer records |
| --- | --- |
| compromised by unprotected |  |
| back-up database The exposed |  |
| database contained 50 |  |
| gigabytes. This assessment |  |
| helps in understanding the |  |
| potential risks, assessing |  |
| the extent of compromised |  |
| information, and implementing |  |
| appropriate measures to |  |
| mitigate the damage. It is |  |
| essential for safeguarding |  |
| sensitive data, maintaining |  |
| trust among employees, and |  |
| ensuring compliance with |  |
| privacy regulations. |  |


---
*Page 117*

What to do next
Initiate new breach assessments with a revised breach assessment template. See Create a
version of a privacy assessment template.
Work on a privacy breach assessment
Accept the work of assessing a privacy breach assessment and work on the assessment.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self Service > Employee Center > GRC tasks > My To-dos > Data breach
assessments.
2. Select and open the assessment that you want to work on.
3. Select Accept work.
4.In the Confirmation dialog box, provide any notes as necessary.
5. Select Accept work.
6.To add personal information artifacts, select PI Artifacts.
7.In the Create PI Artifact dialog box, select the region and category.
a.Select Create.
b.Select Save.
8.Select the PI artifact and fill in the details as required.
a.Select the Data elements related list and add the data elements to add.
b.Select Update.
c.Select the Jurisdictions related list and add the jurisdictions.
9.To send the assessment for review, select Request review.
10.To confirm, select Request.
Case task workflow
Case tasks help you to collaborate with multiple teams to investigate, perform impact
assessment to establish case criticality, and gather evidence to capture the details and
responses for further review.
After a privacy case is reported, the privacy analyst can create case tasks and assign each
of those tasks to various case task owners. The case task owners then work on the tasks and
submit them for the case analyst to review. There are three types of case tasks:
•Assessment: This type of case task requires the case task owner to take an assessment and
provide their responses. Case tasks that belong to this type can only be reassigned.
•Investigation: This type of case task requires the case task owner to provide their
observations.
•Others: Like Investigation, this type of case task also requires the case task owner to provide
their observations.
After case task owners work on a task, they submit the task for the case analyst to review.
The following image displays the life cycle of a case task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2219
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 118*

Case task workflow
Create a case task
Create case tasks to work on the various tasks such as investigations, assessments, inquiries,
gathering evidence, and so on required to analyze and work on the case that has been reported.
Each case can have multiple case tasks that can be assigned to different owners from various
teams.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
About this task
After a case is reported to the privacy teams, a privacy case analyst can create case tasks
and assign those tasks to the relevant owners to work on and provide the required inputs and
responses.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace > Lists > Cases > All cases.
2. Open the case for which you want to create a case task.
3. Select the Case task related list.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
See the privacy new case task form for an explanation of each field.
5. Select Save.
6.To assign the task to the case task owner, select Assign task.
7.Optional: In the confirmation dialog box, provide your notes.
8.Select Move to assigned.
The state of the record changes to Assigned and is assigned to a case task owner.
9.Optional: To reassign the case task to another user before the case task is accepted by the
case task owner specified by you, select Reassign.
You can only reassign case tasks that are of type Assessment.
a.In the Assignment group field, select the relevant group.
b.In the Case task owner field, select a new owner.
c.Select Reassign.
Case task form
On the new case task form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2220
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


---
*Page 119*

Case task form
Field Description
Number Number of the case task. This field is
automatically set.
Title Name of the task being created for the case.
For example, Investigation for loss
of data.
Type Type of task. The choices are as follows:
•Assessment: Use this option if you want to
perform an assessment to collect responses
from users regarding the case.
Note: Only case tasks with type
Assessment type can be reassigned to
a different task owner if required.
•Investigation: Use this option if you want
to create a case task to perform any
investigation for the case reported. For
example, you may want to determine the
type of data lost.
•Others: Use this option for any other type of
task that you configure.
Assessment template Assessment template to assess the case.
This field appears only when Assessment is
selected from the Type field.
Note: Each case type can be mapped
to specific assessment templates
during configuration. Only the templates
mapped to the case are available for
selection. For example, if the case
type is Financial, then the assessment
templates specific to the Financial type
will be available for selection. You cannot
select the same assessment template
if there is already an open assessment
with the assessment template that you
have selected is being worked upon.
State Workflow state of the case task. This field is
automatically set to Draft.
Description Brief description of the task. This description
is useful for the user who works on the task.
Assignment
Assignment group Group that will work on the case task. Any user
who belongs to the selected group can work
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2221
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Number of the case task. This field is automatically set. |
| Title | Name of the task being created for the case. For example, Investigation for loss of data. |
| Type | Type of task. The choices are as follows: •Assessment: Use this option if you want to perform an assessment to collect responses from users regarding the case. Note: Only case tasks with type Assessment type can be reassigned to a different task owner if required. •Investigation: Use this option if you want to create a case task to perform any investigation for the case reported. For example, you may want to determine the type of data lost. •Others: Use this option for any other type of task that you configure. |
| Assessment template | Assessment template to assess the case. This field appears only when Assessment is selected from the Type field. Note: Each case type can be mapped to specific assessment templates during configuration. Only the templates mapped to the case are available for selection. For example, if the case type is Financial, then the assessment templates specific to the Financial type will be available for selection. You cannot select the same assessment template if there is already an open assessment with the assessment template that you have selected is being worked upon. |
| State | Workflow state of the case task. This field is automatically set to Draft. |
| Description | Brief description of the task. This description is useful for the user who works on the task. |
| Assignment |  |


---
*Page 120*

Case task form (continued)
Field Description
on the case task if a case task owner is not
specified.
Case task owner Person who owns the case task. The user
selected in this field must be a member from
the assignment group.
Watch list Users who must have the access to view the
case task.
Schedule
Due date Date within which the case task must be
completed. The due date must be before the
date specified in the Case closure SLA field
on the case form.
Accepted date Date the case is accepted.
Created Date the case is created and assigned to the
case task owner.
Task closure date Date of the task closure.
Summary
Observations Observations you make about the case while
working on the case task.
Activity
Work notes (Private) Worknotes for the case task.
Additional comments (Customer visible) Comments related to the case task, if any.
Work on a case task
As a case task owner, accept the task, provide the details requested by the case analyst, and
submit it for a review. If a case task is assigned to an assignment group, and not to a specific
user, then any user who is a part of the assignment group can accept the task and work on it.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_business_user
About this task
If a case task is of type Assessment, a case requires the case task owner to take an assessment
to determine losses incurred from a case. In this case, the task owner can accept the work and
then take the assessment. If the case task is of type Investigation or Others, the case task
owner can accept the task, provide their observations, and submit the case for review to the case
analyst.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Self Service > Employee Center.
2. Access your task from the My tasks module.
3. Open the task assigned to you.
4.Select Accept work .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2222
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | on the case task if a case task owner is not specified. |
| Case task owner | Person who owns the case task. The user selected in this field must be a member from the assignment group. |
| Watch list | Users who must have the access to view the case task. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Date within which the case task must be completed. The due date must be before the date specified in the Case closure SLA field on the case form. |
| Accepted date | Date the case is accepted. |
| Created | Date the case is created and assigned to the case task owner. |
| Task closure date | Date of the task closure. |
| Summary |  |
| Observations | Observations you make about the case while working on the case task. |
| Activity |  |
| Work notes (Private) | Worknotes for the case task. |
| Additional comments (Customer visible) | Comments related to the case task, if any. |


---
*Page 121*

5. In the confirmation dialog box, select Accept work.
6.Depending on your case task type, perform the following steps.
Choice Steps
a.Select Take assessment.
b.Respond to the questions in the assess­
If the task is of type Assessment ment.
c.Select Submit.
d. Save the Save.
a.In the Observations field, provide your com­
ments.
b.Select Save.
If the task is of type Investigation or Others c.Select Ready for review.
d. In the confirmation dialog box, provide your
comments.
e. Select Ready for review.
What to do next
1.Create or manage an information object within a processing activity.
2. Add key stakeholders to a processing activity.
3. Add impacted areas to a case.
4.Add related areas to a case.
5. Add causes and consequences to a case.
6.Add regulations to a case.
7.Add issues to a case.
Reassign an assessment type case task
Reassign an Assessment type case task to another user. A case analyst or a case task owner
can reassign a task to another case task owner, if required.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst,
sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_business_user
About this task
There are three types of case tasks and they are described as follows.
•Assessment: This type of case task requires the case task owner to take an assessment and
provide their responses.
•Investigation: This type of case task requires the case task owner to provide their
observations.
•Others: Like Investigation, this type of case task also requires the case task owner to provide
their observations.
As a case analyst, after a task is assigned to a case task owner, you can reassign the task to
another privacy business user. Possible reasons for reassignment can be that a case task is
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2223
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Steps |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 122*

wrongly assigned or is not accepted by the case task owner and so on. You can reassign a task
to privacy business users.
As a case task owner, you can also accept the task, start working on it, and then reassign the
partially completed task to another user. When you reassign the partially completed case task
to another user, the data that you have provided also gets copied over and is available when the
new case task owner takes the assessment. This data can be modified by the new task owner.
Note: You can only reassign those case tasks that have the Type field set to Assessment.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Self Service > Employee Center.
2. Access your task from the My tasks module.
3. Open the task that you want to work on.
4.Select Reassign.
The Reassign case task dialog box appears.
5. In the Assignment group field, select the assignment group.
6.In the Case task owner field, select the owner.
7.Select Reassign.
Review and close a case task
Review a case task after a case task owner provides their responses and observations for the
case.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. From the Tasks module, open the task to review.
3. Review the case task and then do one of the following.
Choice Steps
a.Select Request revision.
To request revision of the details provided
b.Provide your notes and comments.
by the case task owner
c.Select Request revision.
a.Select Complete.
To close the task as complete b.Provide your notes and comments.
c.Select Close as complete.
a.Select Close as incomplete.
To close the task as incomplete b.Provide your notes and comments.
c.Select Close as incomplete.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2224
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Steps |
| --- | --- |


---
*Page 123*

Choice Steps
a.Select Cancel.
To cancel the case task b.Provide your notes and comments.
c.Select Cancel.
Add an impacted area to a privacy case
Add the impacted areas or objects that are affected by the privacy case or event in the Privacy
Case Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon .
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add an impacted area.
5. Select New.
6.On the Impacted area form, fill in the fields.
Impacted area form
Field Description
Case Case for which you're adding the impacted
areas. This field is automatically set to the
case name.
Impacted area type Type of the impacted area. For example, the
location of the event or case. The choices are
as follows:
◦Control
◦Entity
◦Location
◦User
◦Company
◦Processing activity
Note: You can also configure your own
impacted area type.
Impacted area Areas or objects that are affected by the case
or event. This field is available only when a
value is selected from Impacted area type.
For example, 10065 East Harvard Avenue,
Denver,CO.
Title Title of the impacted area.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2225
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Choice | Steps |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Case | Case for which you're adding the impacted areas. This field is automatically set to the case name. |
| Impacted area type | Type of the impacted area. For example, the location of the event or case. The choices are as follows: ◦Control ◦Entity ◦Location ◦User ◦Company ◦Processing activity Note: You can also configure your own impacted area type. |
| Impacted area | Areas or objects that are affected by the case or event. This field is available only when a value is selected from Impacted area type. For example, 10065 East Harvard Avenue, Denver,CO. |
| Title | Title of the impacted area. |


---
*Page 124*

Field Description
Description Brief description of the impacted areas or
objects.
7.Select Save.
Add PI information objects to a privacy case
To identify the types of personal data compromised during a breach, add [PI] information objects
to a privacy case.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
About this task
[PI] information objects represent types of data that have been classified as personal information
in your organization, such as email addresses, bank account numbers, or educational details.
Only information objects that have been classified as personal information appear in the [PI]
Information objects list. For more information, refer to Classify information objects as personal
information.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add [PI] information objects.
5. Select the [PI] Information objects related list.
6.Select Add.
7.Select the information object(s) you want to add to the privacy case.
8.Select Add.
What to do next
After adding PI information objects, add key stakeholders to the privacy case. For more
information, see Add key stakeholders to a privacy case.
Related topics
Information objects in Privacy Management
Add key stakeholders to a privacy case
Add key stakeholders to a privacy case to identify the key members who are responsible for the
data that is lost during the breach. You can then send the respective breach assessments to the
stakeholders based on their responsibilities.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2226
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Brief description of the impacted areas or objects. |


---
*Page 125*

3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add a key stakeholders.
5. Select the Key stakeholders related list.
6.Select Add.
a.Select the stakeholders to add.
b.Select Add.
The key stakeholders are added.
Add a related area to a privacy case
Add the related areas that are related to a privacy case or event reported in the Privacy Case
Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
About this task
You can specify the related areas, such as policies, citations, control objectives, and risk events
related to the privacy case or event reported. A privacy administrator can also configure the
options for the related areas in the application setup.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add a related area.
5. Select New.
6.On the Related area form, fill in the fields.
Related area form
Field Description
Case Case for which you're adding the related
areas. This field is automatically set to the
case name.
Related area type Type of the impacted area. For example, any
related risk event. The choices are as follows:
◦Citation
◦Policy
◦Control objective
◦Risk event
Related area Areas that are related to the privacy case or
event reported. This field is available only
when a value is selected from Related area
type. For example, Employees education
data loss.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2227
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Case | Case for which you're adding the related areas. This field is automatically set to the case name. |
| Related area type | Type of the impacted area. For example, any related risk event. The choices are as follows: ◦Citation ◦Policy ◦Control objective ◦Risk event |
| Related area | Areas that are related to the privacy case or event reported. This field is available only when a value is selected from Related area type. For example, Employees education data loss. |


---
*Page 126*

Field Description
Title Title of the related area.
Description Brief description of the related areas.
7.Select Save.
Add causes and consequences to a privacy case
Define the root cause for the reported privacy case or event and its consequences on the
organization using the Privacy Case Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
About this task
You can add multiple causes to a privacy case and define a primary cause. Any privacy case
can only have one primary cause. You can also add a cause that is suspected but not confirmed.
Apart from specifying the primary the cause, you can specify the consequence and any
remediation measures taken to address the case.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon .
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add a cause and consequence.
5. Select New.
6.On the Cause and consequence form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Cause and consequence form, see Cause and
consequence form.
7.Select Save.
Cause and consequence form
Learn about the fields on the cause and consequence form. Use this form to define cause and
consequence in the Privacy Case Management application.
On the view rule form, fill in the fields as appropriate.
Cause and consequence form
Field Description
Cause Cause for the case or event.
Cause status Status of the cause. The choices are as
follows:
•Suspected: Select this option, if the cause
isn’t yet confirmed.
•Confirmed: Select this option, if the cause is
confirmed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2228
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Title | Title of the related area. |
| Description | Brief description of the related areas. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Cause | Cause for the case or event. |
| Cause status | Status of the cause. The choices are as follows: •Suspected: Select this option, if the cause isn’t yet confirmed. •Confirmed: Select this option, if the cause is confirmed. |


---
*Page 127*

Cause and consequence form (continued)
Field Description
Primary cause Option to select the cause as primary.
Cause description Brief description of the cause.
Consequences and actions
Consequences Consequences of the case or event. You can
select multiple consequences for a reported
case.
Actions taken Any action or measures taken to address the
case.
Summary
Observations Overall observations, if any.
Add a privacy regulation related to a case
Add the necessary regulations that are or can be impacted by the case that has been reported.
In the ServiceNow platform, regulations are captured as authority documents. Adding the
regulations to the case enables you to identify which regulations are breached or violated and
prevents penalties and fines.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
About this task
After you add the regulations, you can analyse the case to determine which regulations are
violated. You can then mark the reporting status of the regulations as reportable, non-reportable,
or potentially reportable. By default, all the regulations present in the system are displayed and
the status of the regulations is set to To be determined.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the Tasks icon ( ).
3. Select Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add the regulations.
5. Select the Regulations related list.
a.Select Add.
b.Select the regulations to add.
c.Select Add.
6.To set the reporting status of a regulation, select and open the regulation.
7.On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2229
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Primary cause | Option to select the cause as primary. |
| Cause description | Brief description of the cause. |
| Consequences and actions |  |
| Consequences | Consequences of the case or event. You can select multiple consequences for a reported case. |
| Actions taken | Any action or measures taken to address the case. |
| Summary |  |
| Observations | Overall observations, if any. |


---
*Page 128*

Regulation form
Field Description
Case Case for which you're adding the regulation.
This field is automatically set to the case
name.
Reporting status Status to determine if the regulation must be
reported immediately, or in the future or does
not require to be reported at all. The choices
are as follows:
◦To be determined: Select this option if
the you're not sure if the violation must be
reported.
◦Reportable: Select this option if the
violation must be reported.
◦Non-reportable: Select this option if the
violation does not need to be reported.
◦Potentially reportable: Select this option
if you think that the violation can be
reported in the future based on the case
investigation.
Authority document Authority document which forms the
regulation.
Lodgement date Date the regulation is reported to the
regulators.
Description Brief description of the regulation violation
based on your analysis.
8.Select Save.
Add or create an issue for a privacy case
Identify and manage issues related to the impacted areas for the reported privacy case. You can
also create issues from the Privacy Case Management landing page.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case for which you want to add an issue.
5. Select the Issues related list and do one of the following.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2230
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Case | Case for which you're adding the regulation. This field is automatically set to the case name. |
| Reporting status | Status to determine if the regulation must be reported immediately, or in the future or does not require to be reported at all. The choices are as follows: ◦To be determined: Select this option if the you're not sure if the violation must be reported. ◦Reportable: Select this option if the violation must be reported. ◦Non-reportable: Select this option if the violation does not need to be reported. ◦Potentially reportable: Select this option if you think that the violation can be reported in the future based on the case investigation. |
| Authority document | Authority document which forms the regulation. |
| Lodgement date | Date the regulation is reported to the regulators. |
| Description | Brief description of the regulation violation based on your analysis. |


---
*Page 129*

Option Action
a.Select Add
To add an existing issue b.Select the issues you want to add.
c.Select Add.
To create an issue Refer to the new issue creation form.
6.Select Save.
Export a privacy case as a PDF
Export a privacy case as a PDF to easily share it with various stakeholders.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case that you want to export as a PDF.
5. Select the More actions icon on the top right corner.
6.Select Export PDF.
7.Select the appropriate PDF template.
8.Select Export.
Send an email from a privacy case
Send emails from a privacy case to seamlessly communicate with various stakeholders and
regulators and gather more information about the case. All the emails sent and received are
stored in the Privacy Case Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Privacy Management > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. Select All Cases.
4.Open the case that from which you want to send an email.
5. Select the More actions icon on the top right corner.
6.Select Compose Email.
7.Draft the email.
8.Select Send Email.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2231
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |


*Note: Pages 106–129 contain diagrams/screenshots. See rasterized images for visual content.*
