# Privacy Case Management integration for RadarFirst

*Pages 130–130 of source PDF*


---
*Page 130*

Perform smart assessment on privacy action task
Use the Tasks page on the Employee Center for a consolidated view of all your privacy tasks,
including all assessments, enabling you to access and complete them efficiently.
Before you begin
Ensure that following:
•the sn_grc_case_mgmt.enable_smart_assessments system property is enabled.
•the assessment templates are configured and published.
Role required: sn_comp_case.privacy_case_business_user
About this task
About this task
When a privacy case action task moves from Draft to Assigned state, an assessment is initiated.
When you perform smart assessment on an action task that is of type Assessment, and the
smart assessment property is enabled, the smart assessment appears on the unified tasks page
which is present on the Privacy Case Management. The tasks that appear in the Compliance
Workspace are unique to the logged in user and therefore can complete all assigned tasks. If
you're not the rightful responder of the assessment, you can reassign the assessment to the
correct responder.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Employee Center > GRC Tasks > My to-dos > Open > My pending tasks >
Action tasks.
2. Select the action task you want to assess.
3. Select Start.
4.Respond to the questionnaire.
You can view detailed guidance for each question on the right hand side of the screen. The
guidance helps you in responding to the questions.
5. Select Submit.
6.On the success dialog box, select OK.
7.After you submit the assessment, to view the assessment, select View.
Result
After the assessment is submitted, the state of the assessment gets updated to Review and
the status of the assessment is set to Completed. A compliance case analyst reviews the
assessment and updates the state of the assessment to Close Complete.
Privacy Case Management integration for RadarFirst
RadarFirst specializes in privacy and incident response solutions, particularly in the context of
data breach incidents. RadarFirst helps organizations manage and respond to data breaches
and privacy incidents effectively.
RadarFirst provides tools for incident response planning, risk assessment, and compliance with
data breach notification laws.
In the event of a privacy breach, if you have integrated with RadarFirst by activating the
sn_privacy_rf plugin and have an account can submit the breach details. RadarFirst then
analyzes the breach in accordance with all relevant privacy regulations for all the locations
involved, determining whether it is necessary to notify a regulator about the breach. This
notification helps the privacy teams to get their actionable items and act as necessary.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2232
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
