# Use Risk assessment summarization skill to generate summary

*Pages 157–157 of source PDF*


---
*Page 157*

Install Now Assist for Privacy Management
Install Now Assist for Privacy Management.
Before you begin
Role required: Privacy admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System definition > Plugins.
2. On the Applications Manager page, find the Now Assist for Privacy Manager plugin by using
the search bar.
3. Select a version from the list and select Install.
The Now Assist for Privacy Manager is installed in your instance.
Note: Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features,
generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see
ServiceNow product tiers .
Use Risk assessment summarization skill to generate summary
Use Risk assessment summarization skill to generate a risk assessment summary that is based
on inherent risks, residual risks, target risks, and control effectiveness data. Your approvers
get the key insights to understand the context quickly, and you can reduce the time involved in
creating summaries manually.
Before you begin
Install the Now Assist for Privacy Management application to generate a risk assessment
summary. For more information, see Install Now Assist for Privacy Management.
Role required: The sn_prm_gen_ai.user role must be assigned manually to your role to generate
the risk assessment summary.
About this task
Important: This Now Assist skill is turned on by default. The skill will be automatically
available to appropriate role users for the application. For more information, see Now Assist
skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default .
Privacy Managers can generate the risk assessment summary and save the summary in the Risk
assessment summary field only when they are submitting the assessment. After submission,
both assessors and approvers can generate the summary and share it in the work notes. You can
also summarize the assessment for object based assessments.
Note: This feature is available only on the Privacy Workspace.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the List icon.
3. Under Risk center, select All risk assessments.
4.Select the risk assessment for which you want to generate a summary.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2259
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| ServiceNow product tiers |  |
| --- | --- |

| skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default |  |
| --- | --- |
