# Use Issue summarization skill to summarize an issue

*Pages 158–158 of source PDF*


---
*Page 158*

Note:
Check whether your role has the sn_prm_gen_ai.user role to generate risk assessment
summary.
5. Generate a risk assessment summary from the risk assessment landing page by selecting
Summarize.
A summary is generated. Read the summary to quickly understand the overall privacy
risk posture of a process and take informed actions without reviewing every detail of the
assessment.
You also have the options to generate the summary again, expand, collapse or close the panel,
provide feedback, or copy the information.
Use Issue summarization skill to summarize an issue
Use Issue summarization skill to summarize an issue, and obtain a quick context and awareness
about an issue.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_prm_gen_ai.user
About this task
Important: This Now Assist skill is turned on by default. The skill will be automatically
available to appropriate role users for the application. For more information, see Now Assist
skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default .
The Issue summarization skill analyzes the issue records including the description, activity log,
and remediation tasks, and generates a concise summary that captures the essential information
that you need.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Privacy Workspace.
2. Select the List icon.
3. Select All Issues.
4.Open the issue for which you want to generate the tab.
5. In the Issues tab, open the issue for which you want to summarize.
Note:
Check whether your role has the sn_prm_gen_ai.user role to generate issue
summarization.
6.Generate a summary of the issue from the Overview tab by selecting Summarize.
A summary of all the important details, such as the issue definition, actions taken, and
remediation tasks are generated. Review the information for accuracy.
7.Optional: After the summary is generated, you can take the following actions:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2260
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default |  |
| --- | --- |
