# Roles installed with Privacy Management

*Pages 185–188 of source PDF*


---
*Page 185*

Tables installed (continued)
Table Description
Stores many-to-many relationships between
Control to Processing Activity controls and processing activity.
[sn_privacy_m2m_control_processing_activity]
Privacy users can send multiple privacy
Entity Type to Assessment Instance assessments on Entity Type. This table
enables the privacy assessments to
[sn_privacy_m2m_profile_type_assessment_instance]
processing activity relationships.
Each processing activity can be associated
Information object to processing activity to applicable Information objects. This table
enables tracking the processing activity to IO
[sn_privacy_m2m_information_object_processing_activity]
relationships.
Collects the unique count of users who are
Privacy Unique User Usage using GRC Privacy Management tables.
[sn_privacy_unique_user_usage]
Extends task table [sn_grc_item] and stores
Processing activity processing activities.
[sn_privacy_processing_activity]
Personal data can be moved from one
Processing activity hierarchy processing activity to another processing
activity. This table stores the upstream and
[sn_privacy_m2m_pa_pa]
downstream processing activities information
for each processing activity.
Roles installed with Privacy Management
The GRC: Privacy Management application installs the roles for the privacy analyst, the privacy
manager, and the privacy administrator to perform their respective tasks.
Roles and their descriptions
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Privacy Analyst Privacy analysts are
•sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
responsible for managing the
[sn_privacy.analyst] privacy compliance posture •sn_risk_advanced.ara_approver
of the processing activities
•sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
owned by them. They perform
the following tasks: •sn_risk.user
•Assess the processing •sn_compliance.user
activities regularly by
•sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_analyst
sending and reviewing
privacy impact assessments​
.
•Work with the management
and business users to
identify and manage
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2287
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Control to Processing Activity [sn_privacy_m2m_control_processing_activity] | Stores many-to-many relationships between controls and processing activity. |
| Entity Type to Assessment Instance [sn_privacy_m2m_profile_type_assessment_ins | Privacy users can send multiple privacy assessments on Entity Type. This table enables the privacy assessments to tance] processing activity relationships. |
| Information object to processing activity [sn_privacy_m2m_information_object_processi | Each processing activity can be associated to applicable Information objects. This table enables tracking the processing activity to IO ng_activity] relationships. |
| Privacy Unique User Usage [sn_privacy_unique_user_usage] | Collects the unique count of users who are using GRC Privacy Management tables. |
| Processing activity [sn_privacy_processing_activity] | Extends task table [sn_grc_item] and stores processing activities. |
| Processing activity hierarchy [sn_privacy_m2m_pa_pa] | Personal data can be moved from one processing activity to another processing activity. This table stores the upstream and downstream processing activities information for each processing activity. |

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |


---
*Page 186*

Roles and their descriptions (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
controls related to a
processing activity.
•Manage and resolve the
concerns of business
users about compliance-
related issues and policy
exceptions.
•Test and monitor control
effectiveness.
Privacy Manager Privacy managers are
•sn_compliance.manager
responsible for managing
[sn_privacy.manager] the overall organization level •sn_privacy.analyst
privacy compliance posture.​
•sn_risk.manager
They perform the following
tasks: •sn_grc_workspace.task_admin
•Develop and implement •sn_compliance.attestation_creator
privacy regulations,
•sn_grc_reg_change.manager
authority documents, and
policies. •sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_manager
•Review privacy regulatory
requirements and policies.
•Design and monitor controls
to deal with violations of
privacy regulations and
internal policies.​
•Plan privacy programs and
scope entities.
•Creating privacy impact
assessment templates.​
•Continuously monitor
control effectiveness and
recommend effective
improvements.
• Supervise the privacy
compliance team.​
•Report to management and
the Board of Directors on
compliance posture.
•Discover who is
implementing privacy
regulation for the first time in
their organization.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2288
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | controls related to a processing activity. •Manage and resolve the concerns of business users about compliance- related issues and policy exceptions. •Test and monitor control effectiveness. |  |
| Privacy Manager [sn_privacy.manager] | Privacy managers are responsible for managing the overall organization level privacy compliance posture.​ They perform the following tasks: •Develop and implement privacy regulations, authority documents, and policies. •Review privacy regulatory requirements and policies. •Design and monitor controls to deal with violations of privacy regulations and internal policies.​ •Plan privacy programs and scope entities. •Creating privacy impact assessment templates.​ •Continuously monitor control effectiveness and recommend effective improvements. • Supervise the privacy compliance team.​ •Report to management and the Board of Directors on compliance posture. •Discover who is implementing privacy regulation for the first time in their organization. | •sn_compliance.manager •sn_privacy.analyst •sn_risk.manager •sn_grc_workspace.task_admi •sn_compliance.attestation_cr •sn_grc_reg_change.manager •sn_privacy_case.privacy_cas |


---
*Page 187*

Roles and their descriptions (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Privacy Admin Privacy administrators
•sn_privacy.manager
administer the privacy
[sn_privacy.admin] policy and compliance •sn_risk_advanced.ara_admin
management. Users assigned
•sn_compliance.admin
this role are responsible
for configuring privacy •sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_admin
management solutions
as per the privacy team's
requirements. They perform
the following tasks:
•Configure privacy impact
assessments and
automated flows to trigger
assessments​
•Configure rules to auto-
create processing activities
out of privacy screening
assessments.
•Monitor the ServiceNow
AI Platform dependencies
with other applications and
modules.
•Can read the scripts under
Processing activity script
configurations related list.
Privacy assessment Privacy assessment
•sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
responder responders can respond to
the privacy assessments as •canvas_user
[sn_privacy.assessment_responkdeeyr ]stakeholders. They can
also raise privacy requests
from the portal.
Privacy business user Privacy business users can
•sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
edit the assigned processing
[sn_privacy.business_user] activities in the Discover •canvas_user
state, and also respond to the
•sn_privacy_case.privacy_case_business_user
assessments.
•sn_grc.business_user
Privacy developer Privacy developers can write sn_privacy.admin
custom scripts
[sn_privacy.developer]
If the Privacy Employee User application is installed, then the following roles are available.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2289
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Privacy Admin [sn_privacy.admin] | Privacy administrators administer the privacy policy and compliance management. Users assigned this role are responsible for configuring privacy management solutions as per the privacy team's requirements. They perform the following tasks: •Configure privacy impact assessments and automated flows to trigger assessments​ •Configure rules to auto- create processing activities out of privacy screening assessments. •Monitor the ServiceNow AI Platform dependencies with other applications and modules. •Can read the scripts under Processing activity script configurations related list. | •sn_privacy.manager •sn_risk_advanced.ara_admin •sn_compliance.admin •sn_privacy_case.privacy_cas |
| Privacy assessment responder [sn_privacy.assessment_respo | Privacy assessment responders can respond to the privacy assessments as nkdeeyr ]stakeholders. They can also raise privacy requests from the portal. | •sn_grc_workspace.task_read •canvas_user |
| Privacy business user [sn_privacy.business_user] | Privacy business users can edit the assigned processing activities in the Discover state, and also respond to the assessments. | •sn_grc_workspace.task_read •canvas_user •sn_privacy_case.privacy_cas •sn_grc.business_user |
| Privacy developer [sn_privacy.developer] | Privacy developers can write custom scripts | sn_privacy.admin |
| If the Privacy Employee User application is installed, then the following roles are available. |  |  |


---
*Page 188*

Roles and their descriptions (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Privacy employee user Enables your employees
•sn_grc.issue_employee_user
to perform the following
[sn_privacy_emp.privacy_employoepee]rations from the Employee •sn_compliance.policy_ack_employee_user
Center:
•sn_compliance.policy_exception_employee_user
•Proactively request privacy
impact assessments (PIAs)
for new implementations,
applications, and processes
from the Employee Center.
•Report privacy cases
related to data privacy
policy and regulatory
violations.
•Read and acknowledge
organizational privacy
policies
•Create policy exceptions.
•Create privacy issues.
If the GRC: Privacy Lite User application is installed, then the following roles are considered as
lite operators.
•sn_privacy.assessment_responder
Users with the lite operator
•sn_privacy_case.privacy_caser_obleu scianne sdso_ uthsee rfollowing:
•sn_privacy.business_user
•Respond to privacy
•sn_grc_pdr.data_owner_admin assessment tasks as
business users.
•Work on the processing
activity as a business user
when it’s assigned to you to
collect the required details.
•Respond to the processing
activity's criticality risk
assessments and object-
based assessment.
•Respond to the detailed
privacy risk assessments
on each risk identified on a
processing activity.
•Work on breach
assessments and other
privacy case tasks.
•Respond to the assessment
and investigation tasks
assigned by the privacy
team.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2290
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Privacy employee user [sn_privacy_emp.privacy_emplo | Enables your employees to perform the following yoepee]rations from the Employee Center: •Proactively request privacy impact assessments (PIAs) for new implementations, applications, and processes from the Employee Center. •Report privacy cases related to data privacy policy and regulatory violations. •Read and acknowledge organizational privacy policies •Create policy exceptions. •Create privacy issues. | •sn_grc.issue_employee_user •sn_compliance.policy_ack_e •sn_compliance.policy_except |
| If the GRC: Privacy Lite User application is installed, then the following roles are considered as lite operators. |  |  |
