# Personal Data Rights reference

*Pages 189–189 of source PDF*


---
*Page 189*

Roles and their descriptions (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
•Work on personal data
rights action tasks to handle
data according to the
requester's requests.
•Respond to the assigned
control attestations.
•View, update, and close
assigned issues.
•Create, update, and close
assigned remediation tasks.
•Respond to the assigned
manual indicator tasks.
Personal Data Rights reference
Reference topics provide additional information such as tables, and roles that are installed with
the Personal Data Rights application. These topics also provide supporting information.
Roles installed with Personal Data Rights
Roles of the Personal data rights application
Role title Description Contains roles
Personal data rights request Users with this role can
•sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_admin
admin configure the personal data
rights request type •sn_grc_pdr.pdr_manager
[sn_grc_pdr.pdr_admin]
Personal data rights request Users with this role work
•sn_grc_pdr.data_owner_admin
agent on the personal data rights
request assigned to them. •sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_analyst
[sn_grc_pdr.pdr_agent]
Personal data owner admin Users with this role are the
•sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
asset owners who respond on
[sn_grc_pdr.data_owner_admin]action tasks when their assets •sn_grc_workspace.user
are involved in a request.
Personal data request Users with this role oversee all
•sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_manager
manager personal data rights request
until they are closed. •sn_grc_pdr.pdr_agent
[sn_grc_pdr.pdr_manager]
PDR Requester Users with this role can
submit new PDRs, track the
[sn_grc_pdr.pdr_requester] status of their requests, and
receive communications or
notifications related to their
requests.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2291
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | •Work on personal data rights action tasks to handle data according to the requester's requests. •Respond to the assigned control attestations. •View, update, and close assigned issues. •Create, update, and close assigned remediation tasks. •Respond to the assigned manual indicator tasks. |  |

| Role title | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Personal data rights request admin [sn_grc_pdr.pdr_admin] | Users with this role can configure the personal data rights request type | •sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case •sn_grc_pdr.pdr_manager |
| Personal data rights request agent [sn_grc_pdr.pdr_agent] | Users with this role work on the personal data rights request assigned to them. | •sn_grc_pdr.data_owner_admi •sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case |
| Personal data owner admin [sn_grc_pdr.data_owner_admin | Users with this role are the asset owners who respond on ]action tasks when their assets are involved in a request. | •sn_grc_workspace.task_read •sn_grc_workspace.user |
| Personal data request manager [sn_grc_pdr.pdr_manager] | Users with this role oversee all personal data rights request until they are closed. | •sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case •sn_grc_pdr.pdr_agent |
| PDR Requester [sn_grc_pdr.pdr_requester] | Users with this role can submit new PDRs, track the status of their requests, and receive communications or notifications related to their requests. |  |
