# Edit a Now Assist skill

_Source pages: 166–167 | Depth: 2_

---

<!-- page 166 -->
related records, such as resolution notes, in the Related record field. If there’s no value for the
related record field or you don’t select one, you can also opt to include activity from related
records.
If you select Show template recommendations, then agents see a list of template suggestions
generated by Now Assist when they go to select a template.
8.In the next step of the skill configuration, select where you'd like to display the skill.
You can select both in-product, Now Assist panel, or both.
◦In-product: When selected, Now Assist skills are displayed on forms and workspaces.
For the skills that appear in-product, select the down arrow to identify the roles that can use
the skill.
◦Now Assist panel: When selected, Now Assist skills are available in the Now Assist panel. If
you don't see this option, you must activate the Now Assist panel. For more information, see
Activate the Now Assist panel standard chat.
For the skills that appear in the Now Assist panel, select the down arrow to identify the roles
that can use the skill.
Roles can be added by entering the name of the role in the User roles field. Existing roles
can be removed by selecting the X icon in the role bubble. You must have at least one role
specified, but you can add as many as you like.
9.Review your choices and select Activate to complete the configuration.
Result
Agents can generate email drafts with generative AI.
Edit a Now Assist skill
Edit the configuration of a Now Assist skill to choose the inputs or triggers and the display
location of the skill output.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_generative_ai.nsa_admin

<!-- page 167 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Now Assist Admin > Features.
If you’re already in the Now Assist Admin console, select the Now Assist Admin Features tab.
2. Select a workflow on the navigation panel, such as Technology.
Each workflow contains feature sets.
3. On the feature card associated with the skill you'd like to edit, select View details.
4.Under Active skills, select the more options icon next to the skill that you want to configure,
then select Edit.
The first step in the guided setup for the skill is displayed.
Each skill configuration has a number of steps shown in the guided setup. The exact steps vary
from skill to skill. A symbol next to each step indicates whether the step is completed, partially
completed, or not completed.
Note: Some configuration options are read-only.