# Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)



<!-- Page 1 -->
Reports on the Engagement tab (continued)
Report Description
Open Risk Number of engagements with active risk assessments open.
Assessments
Past Tiering Number of engagements that have not completed the tiering
Assessments assessment within the assessment time frame.
Past Risk Number of engagements with active tiering-based risk assessments.
Assessments
Engagements Donut report showing the number of engagements assigned to each
Classification by Tier tier.
Engagements by Type Number of engagements of each type.
Open Issues by All engagement open issues sorted by priority.
Priority
Engagements by Risk Number of engagements sorted by risk rating.
Rating
Important: Starting with version 18.1.3 of Third-party Risk Management the Vendor Risk
Overview dashboard is deprecated. If Third-party Risk Management was installed prior to
18.1.3 the Vendor Risk overview dashboard is still available for your use.
Common Governance, Risk, and Compliance features
Each Governance, Risk, and Compliance application has unique features and capabilities.
Additionally, there are many features that are common to all GRC applications.®
For example, you can run GRC applications by using the ServiceNow mobile application.
Content packs and integrations are available from multiple GRC applications. Information such
as domain separation support levels is also included.
Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)
Use the Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM) plugin to summarize issue records,
identify potential risks, and review controls using generative AI. It helps you quickly understand
the context of records, reduce manual effort, and make faster, more informed decisions by
delivering relevant insights directly within your existing workflows.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3436
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Report | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Open Risk Assessments | Number of engagements with active risk assessments open. |
| Past Tiering Assessments | Number of engagements that have not completed the tiering assessment within the assessment time frame. |
| Past Risk Assessments | Number of engagements with active tiering-based risk assessments. |
| Engagements Classification by Tier | Donut report showing the number of engagements assigned to each tier. |
| Engagements by Type | Number of engagements of each type. |
| Open Issues by Priority | All engagement open issues sorted by priority. |
| Engagements by Risk Rating | Number of engagements sorted by risk rating. |




<!-- Page 2 -->
Get started
Explore Configure Use IRM generative AI
Learn more about Configure the Now Use generative AI
Now Assist for IRM Assist for IRM capabilities offered
application to get started by Now Assist for IRM
Use agentic AI
Use the Now Assist
for Integrated Risk
Management AI
agents to complete
tasks autonomously.
Note: Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features,
generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see
ServiceNow product tiers .
Important:
•Not all model providers are available for customers with in-country SKUs, and some Now
Assist products/features are currently unavailable for in-country customers. For more
information, see the KB1584492 article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. Be sure to
check for model provider availability updates in future releases.
•Some Now Assist products/features are currently unavailable for customers in the
FedRAMP, NSC DOD IL5, or Australia IRAP-Protected data centers, self-hosted
customers, or in other restricted environments. For more information, see the
KB0743854 article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. Be sure to check for availability
updates in future releases.
•Some Now Assist products/features are currently available only for customers in some
regions. Be sure to check for availability updates in future releases.
•Some AI products and skills are not available in Regulated Markets. For more information,
see KB2593939: Regulated Markets AI Products/Skills Not Available . Be sure to check
for availability updates in future releases.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3437
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Explore Learn more about Now Assist for IRM | Configure Configure the Now Assist for IRM application to get started | Use IRM generative AI Use generative AI capabilities offered by Now Assist for IRM |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Use agentic AI Use the Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management AI agents to complete tasks autonomously. |  |

| ServiceNow product tiers |  |
| --- | --- |

