# Use agentic AI in Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)



<!-- Page 50 -->
GRC case summarization configuration fields (continued)
Configuration tab Description
Define access User roles that can access the skill.
Select display Display location of the skill and the user roles that see
the display.
Review and activate Summary of the skill configuration.
Use agentic AI in Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)
Use agents within an agentic workflow or as standalone agents to achieve specific automated
outcomes.
Note: Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features,
generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see
ServiceNow product tiers .
Find information such as the large language models (LLM) supported in Now Assist and security
controls that are important considerations for using agentic AI.
For more information on language support, see Multilingual service for Now Assist and
Multilingual support for ServiceNow generative AI products .
Supported large language models (LLM)
Note:
•You can use Now LLM Service, Now LLM Long Term Stable models (LTS), Azure OpenAI,
Google Gemini or Anthropic Claude on AWS as the AI model provider for all Now Assist
skills and AI agents. Use the Configuration Controls in AI Control Tower to define
which options are available, then set the skill-level preferences in the Now Assist Admin
console . For more information, see Large language models on the ServiceNow AI®
Platform .
•For the Now LLM Service updates, see Now LLM Service updates .
Security implementation considerations
Enable security implementation to execute AI agents and agentic workflows through access
control lists (ACLs) and user identities. ACLs provide the Run As capability to let agents
and agentic workflows execute actions either as a dynamic user or as an AI user. For more
information, see Implement access control in Now Assist AI agents .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3485
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Configuration tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Define access | User roles that can access the skill. |
| Select display | Display location of the skill and the user roles that see the display. |
| Review and activate | Summary of the skill configuration. |

| ServiceNow product tiers |  |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 51 -->
Considerations for running the autonomous AI Agents
Important: By default, all agent workflow and AI agent records are read-only.
To run the AI agents autonomously, you must first duplicate the agentic workflow , and
then proceed with the following steps:
•Activate the agentic workflow.
•Activate all agents within the agentic workflow.
•Activate the trigger to invoke the agentic workflow automatically. The triggers for each
agentic workflow must be unique. If you prefer to invoke it manually, activating the trigger
isn’t necessary.
•Azure OpenAI is recommended for Now Assist for IRM agentic workflows.
Standalone AI agents
Looking for an AI agent?
•There may be AI agents installed with the Now Assist application that aren’t used in agentic
workflows. To learn how to see all agents that are available to you, see Find AI agents
•To find agents that might not be installed on your instance, visit the AI Agent Marketplace on
the ServiceNow Store.
•For information on the standalone Now Assist for IRM AI agents, see Standalone AI Agents in
Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM).
Using agentic workflows in IRM
Use the Integrated Risk Management AI agent collection to help complete tasks autonomously.
Available agentic workflows for Integrated Risk Management AI agent collection
Agentic workflow name Description Available AI agents
Optimize GRC issue resolution Enables issue managers to
•Issue action plan AI agent
auto-generate action plans
and remediation tasks for •Remediation tasks AI agent
faster issue resolution.
Get regulatory insights Assists regulatory change
•Regulatory alert
management professionals
recommendation agent
by analyzing regulatory alerts,
enriches context using web •Regulatory alert enrichment
search, and recommends agent
potential impacts to citations,
policies, control objectives,
and more.
Generate regulatory action Supports regulatory change Regulatory change task
plans management professionals planning agent
in implementing change and
action tasks by analyzing
impacted areas and
referencing similar past alerts.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3486
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Agentic workflow name | Description | Available AI agents |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Optimize GRC issue resolution | Enables issue managers to auto-generate action plans and remediation tasks for faster issue resolution. | •Issue action plan AI agent •Remediation tasks AI agent |
| Get regulatory insights | Assists regulatory change management professionals by analyzing regulatory alerts, enriches context using web search, and recommends potential impacts to citations, policies, control objectives, and more. | •Regulatory alert recommendation agent •Regulatory alert enrichment agent |
| Generate regulatory action plans | Supports regulatory change management professionals in implementing change and action tasks by analyzing impacted areas and referencing similar past alerts. | Regulatory change task planning agent |




<!-- Page 52 -->
Important: By default, all agentic workflows and AI agent records are read-only.
To run the AI agents autonomously, you must first duplicate the agentic workflow , and
then proceed with the following steps:
•Activate the workflow.
•Activate all agents within the workflow.
•Activate the trigger to invoke the agentic workflow automatically. If you prefer to invoke it
manually, activating the trigger isn't necessary.
There may be AI agents installed with the Now Assist application that aren’t used in agentic
workflows. To learn how to see all agents that are available to you, see Find AI agents .
Optimize a GRC issue resolution
Optimize a GRC issue resolution plan by using the Optimize GRC issue resolution agentic
workflow in the Now Assist panel. This agentic workflow generates an action plan for the issue
and suggests remediation tasks to resolve the issue.
Before you begin
Important: This agentic workflow is turned on by default. For more information, see Now
Assist skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default .
Role required: sn_grc_genai.issue_user or sn_irm_gen_ai.user
About this task
Important: When you modify an agentic workflow, AI agent, or tool, make sure that you
update all instructions accordingly.
To modify the Optimize GRC issue resolution workflow duplicate it , and adjust the settings
according to your requirements. You can activate the workflow template by making the triggers
active and setting the display settings to include the Now Assist panel.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Risk Workspace and select any issue in the Analyze state.
2. Open the issue that you want to resolve by using the agentic workflow.
3. Select the Now Assist ( ) icon.
The Now Assist panel is displayed.
4.Resolve the GRC issue by generating an issue action plan and generating recommended
remediation tasks.
Option Description
Generate an issue action plan On the Now Assist panel, ask the agent to
optimize the GRC issue resolution workflow
in natural language by entering Generate
action plan or selecting Generate GRC
issue resolution.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3487
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Assist skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default |  |
| --- | --- |

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 53 -->
Option Description
Note:
◦If you provide an issue number, such
as Generate action plan for
the issue: IPT0020240, the
workflow acts on the suggested issue
and generates an action plan that is
based on previous similar issues.
◦You can generate an action plan for
any issue from the Now Assist panel
by providing the suggested issue
number.
◦You can accept the action plan.
◦You can edit the generated action
plan by providing inputs like Delete
1, 2, Add <text>, or Combine
1,4.
◦You can discard the generated action
plan and instead create an action
plan manually.
Generate recommended remediation tasks If you accept the action plan, the Now Assist
virtual agent can suggest remediation tasks,
You can do one of the following actions:
◦Accept the remediation tasks.
Note: Check for duplicate
remediation tasks.
◦Edit the suggestions. Provide inputs like
Delete 1, 2, Add <text>, or Merge
1,4. You can update the recommended
remediation tasks.
◦Discard the recommendations and create
remediation tasks manually.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3488
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: ◦If you provide an issue number, such as Generate action plan for the issue: IPT0020240, the workflow acts on the suggested issue and generates an action plan that is based on previous similar issues. ◦You can generate an action plan for any issue from the Now Assist panel by providing the suggested issue number. ◦You can accept the action plan. ◦You can edit the generated action plan by providing inputs like Delete 1, 2, Add <text>, or Combine 1,4. ◦You can discard the generated action plan and instead create an action plan manually. | Note: ◦If you provide an issue number, such as Generate action plan for the issue: IPT0020240, the workflow acts on the suggested issue and generates an action plan that is based on previous similar issues. ◦You can generate an action plan for any issue from the Now Assist panel by providing the suggested issue number. ◦You can accept the action plan. ◦You can edit the generated action plan by providing inputs like Delete 1, 2, Add <text>, or Combine 1,4. ◦You can discard the generated action plan and instead create an action plan manually. |
| Generate recommended remediation tasks | If you accept the action plan, the Now Assist virtual agent can suggest remediation tasks, You can do one of the following actions: ◦Accept the remediation tasks. Note: Check for duplicate remediation tasks. ◦Edit the suggestions. Provide inputs like Delete 1, 2, Add <text>, or Merge 1,4. You can update the recommended remediation tasks. ◦Discard the recommendations and create remediation tasks manually. |  |

| 1, 2 |
| --- |
| 1,4 |

| Delete 1, 2 |
| --- |
| 1,4 |




<!-- Page 54 -->
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3489
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 55 -->
In the Now Assist panel, the agent receives a notification when the interaction is generated,
enabling your users to follow the on-screen instructions and complete the task.
Analyze and enrich regulatory alerts
Analyze and enrich regulatory alerts by using the get regulatory analysis agentic workflow in
the Now Assist panel. This agentic workflow uses web search to enhance alert context and
recommends potential impacts on citations, policies, and control objectives to support faster
and more accurate compliance decisions.
Before you begin
Important: This agentic workflow is turned on by default. For more information, see Now
Assist skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default .
Role required: sn_grc_comp_genai.reg_change_ai_agent_user
The recommendations for regulatory alert skills are required for recommending impact areas. For
more information, see AI-generated recommendations for a regulatory alert skill.
Agentic workflows and their AI agents use role masking to determine which users can access
them. Ones installed with Now Assist applications have specific roles that come included with
the application. If you select Users with specific roles for user access, you must
configure the security controls to include these roles. For the instructions to change the security
controls, see Define security controls for an agentic workflow .
About this task
The get regulatory analysis agentic workflow helps regulatory change management professionals
quickly understand and act on regulatory alerts in the New or In Progress state by enriching
them with external context and identifying impacted areas. Using web search, the workflow adds
Enriched Insights to the alert containing additional information such as summaries, fines, due
dates, and source references. It then analyzes the enriched alert to generate recommended
impacted areas including citations, policies, controls, and control objectives that appear in the
Recommendations tab. When you accept these recommendations, they’re automatically added
to the impacted areas list.
Note:
When you modify an agentic workflow, AI agent, or tool, make sure that you update all
instructions accordingly. To modify this workflow, duplicate it and adjust the settings
according to your requirements. You can activate the workflow template by making the
triggers active and setting the display settings to include the Now Assist panel. For more
information, see Duplicate an agentic workflow .
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Workspaces > Compliance Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to
Regulatory alerts.
◦Workspaces > Compliance Workspace, select the Regulatory Change Management
dashboard icon and then in the Activity overview, Tracking, or Trends section, select any
segment or value in an Alerts related widget to open the list of regulatory alerts with that
state.
2. Select any regulatory alert in the New or In Progress state.
3. To initiate the get regulatory analysis agentic workflow, select one of the following:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3490
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Assist skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default |  |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 56 -->
◦Open the Now Assist panel by selecting the Now Assist icon and then select Get
Regulatory Analysis.
◦Select Ask NowAssist and then Get analysis.
The Now Assist panel icon is available to select anywhere in the Compliance Workspace and
the Ask NowAssist action menu is available when you're on a regulatory alert page.
Here is an example of how this workflow appears when you initiate it.
4.Analyze and enrich regulatory alerts by adding enriched insights or generating recommended
impacted areas.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3491
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 57 -->
Option Description
In the Now Assist panel, ask the agent to en­
Add enriched insights rich a regulatory alert with web sources to get
a comprehensive overview by entering 1.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3492
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 58 -->
Option Description
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3493
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 59 -->
Option Description
Note:
◦If you aren’t making this request from
a regulatory alert page using the ac­
tion menu, be prepared to provide the
regulatory alert number (sys_id) so
that the workflow has the context it
needs to fulfill your request. The work­
flow generates a summary including
information on any fines, penalties, im­
portant dates, taxonomy, as well as a
list of sources for the information.
◦You can save the overview to the En­
riched Insights field on the details
page of the regulatory alert.
◦You can discard the overview and cre­
ate your own summary manually.
In the Now Assist panel, ask the agent to
Recommend impacted areas check for recommended impacted areas for a
regulatory alert by entering 2.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3494
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | Note: ◦If you aren’t making this request from a regulatory alert page using the ac­ tion menu, be prepared to provide the regulatory alert number (sys_id) so that the workflow has the context it needs to fulfill your request. The work­ flow generates a summary including information on any fines, penalties, im­ portant dates, taxonomy, as well as a list of sources for the information. ◦You can save the overview to the En­ riched Insights field on the details page of the regulatory alert. ◦You can discard the overview and cre­ ate your own summary manually. |




<!-- Page 60 -->
Option Description
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3495
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 61 -->
Option Description
Note:
◦If you aren’t making this request from
a regulatory alert page using the ac­
tion menu, be prepared to provide the
regulatory alert number (sys_id) so
that the workflow has the context it
needs to fulfill your request. The work­
flow analyzes the alert and generates
a categorized list for each type of im­
pacted area such as citation, control
objective, controls, or policies.
◦You can review all potential impact­
ed areas and add them to the regula­
tory alert by navigating to the Recom­
mendations tab. For more information
on acting on recommendations and
adding impacted areas, see Accept or
dismiss recommendations for regula­
tory alert impacted citations, Accept
or dismiss recommendations for reg­
ulatory alert impacted control objec­
tives, Accept or dismiss recommenda­
tions for regulatory alert impacted con­
trols, Accept or dismiss recommenda­
tions for regulatory alert impacted poli­
cies, and Add impacted areas manual­
ly to a regulatory alert.
In the Now Assist panel, the agent receives a notification when the interaction is generated,
enabling your users to follow the on-screen instructions and complete the task.
Important: Be sure to check AI-generated summaries and recommendations for
accuracy. If no information is available, the generated recommendations display "No
recommendations available," "None," "No records to display," and so on.
Related topics
Using agentic workflows in IRM
Activate the get regulatory analysis agentic workflow
Accept or dismiss recommendations for regulatory alert impacted citations
Accept or dismiss recommendations for regulatory alert impacted control objectives
Accept or dismiss recommendations for regulatory alert impacted controls
Add impacted areas manually to a regulatory alert
Generate regulatory action plans
Generate regulatory action plans by using the generate regulatory action plan agentic workflow
in the Now Assist panel. This agentic workflow analyzes impacted areas and similar historical
alerts to create change tasks and action tasks that help implement regulatory change.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3496
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | Note: ◦If you aren’t making this request from a regulatory alert page using the ac­ tion menu, be prepared to provide the regulatory alert number (sys_id) so that the workflow has the context it needs to fulfill your request. The work­ flow analyzes the alert and generates a categorized list for each type of im­ pacted area such as citation, control objective, controls, or policies. ◦You can review all potential impact­ ed areas and add them to the regula­ tory alert by navigating to the Recom­ mendations tab. For more information on acting on recommendations and adding impacted areas, see Accept or dismiss recommendations for regula­ tory alert impacted citations, Accept or dismiss recommendations for reg­ ulatory alert impacted control objec­ tives, Accept or dismiss recommenda­ tions for regulatory alert impacted con­ trols, Accept or dismiss recommenda­ tions for regulatory alert impacted poli­ cies, and Add impacted areas manual­ ly to a regulatory alert. |




<!-- Page 62 -->
Before you begin
Important: This agentic workflow is turned on by default. For more information, see Now
Assist skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default .
Role required: sn_grc_comp_genai.reg_change_ai_agent_user
Impacted areas must be associated with the regulatory alert. If no impacted areas are associated
with the alert, the workflow returns a validation message and no tasks are created. For more
information on adding impacted areas, see Add impacted areas manually to a regulatory alert.
Agentic workflows and their AI agents use role masking to determine which users can access
them. Ones installed with Now Assist applications have specific roles that come included with
the application. If you select Users with specific roles for user access, you must
configure the security controls to include these roles. For the instructions to change the security
controls, see Define security controls for an agentic workflow .
About this task
The generate regulatory action plan agentic workflow helps regulatory change management
professionals create structured action plans for alerts in the New or In Progress state. The
workflow analyzes impacted areas identified on the alert and references similar historical alerts
to generate change tasks and action tasks. These tasks are grouped by type such as control
update, citation amendment, and policy revision, and appear in the Regulatory tasks tab.
You can accept or dismiss the proposed plan, and only tasks in the New state can be deleted
manually.
Note:
When you modify an agentic workflow, AI agent, or tool, make sure that you update all
instructions accordingly. To modify this workflow, duplicate it and adjust the settings
according to your requirements. You can activate the workflow template by making the
triggers active and setting the display settings to include the Now Assist panel. For more
information, see Duplicate an agentic workflow .
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Workspaces > Compliance Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to
Regulatory alerts.
◦Workspaces > Compliance Workspace select the Regulatory Change Management
dashboard icon and then in the Activity overview, Tracking, or Trends section, select any
segment or value in an Alerts related widget to open the list of regulatory alerts with that
state.
2. Select any regulatory alert in the New or In Progress state.
3. Initiate the generate regulatory action plan agentic workflow by selecting one of the following:
◦Open the Now Assist panel by selecting the Now Assist panel icon ( and then select
Generate regulatory action plans.
◦Select Ask NowAssist and then Generate action plan.
The Now Assist panel icon is available to select anywhere in the Compliance Workspace.
The Ask NowAssist action menu is available when you are on a regulatory alert page.
4.Review the proposed action plan and choose whether to accept or dismiss it.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3497
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Assist skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default |  |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 63 -->
Option Description
After initiating the generate regulatory action
plan agentic workflow, it creates structured
Accept action plan change tasks and action tasks based on the
impacted areas identified in the alert and pat­
terns from similar historical alerts.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3498
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 64 -->
Option Description
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3499
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 65 -->
Option Description
On the Now Assist panel, ask the agent to cre­
ate regulatory change and action task records
by selecting Yes.
Note:
◦Each generated task is grouped by
regulatory alert type such as control,
citation, policy, and all tasks appear in
the Regulatory tasks tab.
◦The "other" type is used to capture
non-standard or cross-functional activ­
ities that don’t directly map to impact­
ed areas such as citations, control ob­
jectives, controls, or policies. These
tasks are typically broader in scope
and can apply to the entire regulatory
alert rather than specific impacted ele­
ments.
In the Now Assist panel, ask the agent to dis­
Dismiss action plan
miss the regulatory change and action task
record creation by entering No.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3500
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 66 -->
Option Description
Note:
◦No tasks are created.
◦You can navigate to the Regulatory
tasks tab and manually create change
tasks and action tasks.
In the Now Assist panel, the agent receives a notification when the interaction is generated,
enabling your users to follow the on-screen instructions and complete the task.
Important: Be sure to check AI-generated plans and task records for accuracy.
What to do next
Navigate to the Regulatory tasks tab to review, assign, or delete the generated tasks. You can
manage all tasks created by the workflow from this tab. Only change and action tasks in the New
state can be deleted manually from a regulatory alert. You can assign tasks to users and update
task details for tasks in the New and In Progress state.
For more information on tasks, see Regulatory change tasks and Action tasks in Regulatory
Change Management.
Related topics
Using agentic workflows in IRM
Activate the generate regulatory action plan agentic workflow
Add impacted areas manually to a regulatory alert
Accept or dismiss recommendations for regulatory alert impacted citations
Identify risks for an entity using Now Assist for IRM
Identify and consolidate risks using the Risk Suggestion AI agent through a conversational
assistant. This feature helps streamline risk discovery, eliminate duplicates, and provide a
comprehensive list of risks relevant to the entity.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3501
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 67 -->
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_sharegenai.risk_suggestion_aiagent_user
Make sure that the following prerequisites are met to use this feature:
•Now Assist for IRM and any Workspace must be installed.
•Suggest potential risks workflow and Risk Suggestion AI agent must be activated. For more,
refer to Activate agentic workflows in Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM).
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
You can also navigate to your required Workspace.
2. Select the list icon.
3. From the list, navigate to Library > Entities.
4.Select the entity to identify potential risks.
5. Navigate to the Risks tab and select Suggested risks.
6.Select the Suggest risks
button.
A conversational assistant opens within the Now Assist panel.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3502
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 68 -->
7.Interact with the conversational AI agent by responding to its questions to identify potential
risks.
The agent automatically pulls the entity context, guides you through risk domain selection,
and surfaces relevant risks from internal, industry, and external sources. During this process,
it automatically removes any duplicate suggestions that exist. After selecting risk types, you
can provide additional context to refine search results, with the agent dynamically asking
follow up questions when needed.
8.Review the consolidated list of suggested risks in the panel before proceeding.
9.Choose whether to add risks to the suggested risks section when prompted.
Before adding risks to the suggested risk section, you can review and modify suggested risks
by updating descriptions, renaming risks, or removing items from the list.
If you select Yes, the risks are added to the suggested risks section.
10.Review the listed risks for accuracy and make any necessary changes before creating
them.
Risks identified from existing risk statements are listed under Risks from risk statements. Any
newly identified Risks are listed under the Ad-hoc risks type.
11. Choose the required risks and select Create risk.
The selected risks are added and appear in the Directly related risks section.
12. Optional: Select Suggest risk button to reinitiate the same process.
13.Optional: To delete the suggested risks, choose the required risks, and select Delete.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3503
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 69 -->
Standalone AI Agents in Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)
Use AI agents in Governance, Risk, and Compliance to complete IT-related tasks autonomously.
Standalone agents in Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)
The following AI agents are available in the Now Assist for IRM application:
•Report a GRC issue AI agent
For more information, see Report a GRC issue.
•Control Objective Change Agent
For more information, see Use Control Objective Change Agent to update control objectives.
Use Control Objective Change Agent to update control objectives
Use the Control Objective Change Agent to review and update impacted Control Objectives
based on latest citation details. Users can interact with the Now Assist panel to review and
finalize the updates.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_sharegenai.compliance_library_aiagent_user
Ensure you also have Corporate Compliance Manager access for Compliance Workspace.
Confirm that the control objective is active.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Compliance Workspace.
2. Select the List icon ( ).
3. Select Compliance change recommendations > Control objectives.
4.Select the control objective that you want to update based on changes in associated citations.
5. On the control objective page, select Update with Now Assist.
The Now Assist panel opens. The Now Assist panel is interactive and supports conversational
input.
6.Review the suggested updates, and provide feedback to refine the updates.
◦The AI agent analyzes all associated citations and suggests updated description and
supplemental guidance. Suggestions are based on the latest citation changes and relevance
to the control objective.
◦After each update, the Now Assist panel displays the latest revision, highlighting changes
and prompting for additional feedback or acceptance.
7.Finalize the changes by accepting the suggested updates when prompted by the Now Assist
panel.
8.Optional: Continue reviewing other impacted control objectives directly from the Now Assist
panel.
Report a GRC issue
Report GRC issues by using the Report a GRC issue AI agent in Employee Center. The AI agent
guides you, structures your input, and suggests relevant controls, entities, and policies before
submission.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3504
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 70 -->
Before you begin
Important: This agent is turned on by default. For more information, see Now Assist
skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default .
Role required:
•One of these roles: employee user, business_user, or business_user_lite
•The sn_grc_genai.issue_aiagent_user role
AI agents use role masking to determine which users can access them and what data they
have access to. Ones installed with Now Assist applications have specific roles that come
included with the application. If you select Users with specific roles for user access,
you must configure the security controls to include these roles. Data access settings must also
include these roles. For the instructions to change the security controls, see Define security
controls for an AI agent .
About this task
The report a GRC issue AI Agent helps you log GRC issues in the Employee Center. It validates
the input, structures the issue details, and suggests relevant controls, entities, and policies.
The agent ensures accuracy by confirming whether the issue qualifies as a GRC issue. It then
summarizes the details into key components such as name, problem statement, root cause,
issue type, date of occurrence, affected policies, impacted entities, and control objectives. You
can review, edit, or submit the issue, and once submitted, a clickable reference link is provided
for easy tracking under My Requests.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. Select Now Assist Virtual Agent.
3. Select Report a GRC issue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3505
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| skills, agents, and agentic workflows on by default |  |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 71 -->
4.Provide the issue details as requested by the agent.
The agent analyzes your input and confirms whether it qualifies as a valid GRC issue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3506
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 72 -->
◦If the issue doesn't qualify, the AI agent prompts you to provide additional details or
rephrase your description.
◦If the issue qualifies, the agent generates a structured summary that includes:
Structured summary fields
Key elements Description
Name Short, clear title for the issue.
Problem statement Detailed description of what happened,
including context and specifics.
Root cause Underlying reason for the issue.
Issue type Categorization of the issue.
Date of occurrence Date when the issue occurred.
Affected policies/controls List of any policies or controls impacted by
the issue.
Impact Explanation of the potential consequences
or risks.
What was affected (Entity) Impacted entity or system.
Control objective Intended goal or outcome that the control
aims to achieve to mitigate risk and ensure
compliance.
Note: The key elements listed may vary depending on the nature of the issue. Some
issues might require additional details, while others may not include all components
shown here.
5. Review the summary generated by the agent, and choose how you want to proceed.
Option Action
Submit Create the issue.
Modify the issue details before submission.
You can:
◦Enter the name of the key element from the
Edit details
displayed list, then update its associated
details.
◦Ask the AI agent to suggest relevant values
that match your description
Discard the issue and exit the process with­
Cancel
out saving any changes.
Result
After you submit, the agent confirms that the issue has been reported and provides a reference
link. Select the link to view all the issues or track the status anytime under My Requests.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3507
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Key elements | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Short, clear title for the issue. |
| Problem statement | Detailed description of what happened, including context and specifics. |
| Root cause | Underlying reason for the issue. |
| Issue type | Categorization of the issue. |
| Date of occurrence | Date when the issue occurred. |
| Affected policies/controls | List of any policies or controls impacted by the issue. |
| Impact | Explanation of the potential consequences or risks. |
| What was affected (Entity) | Impacted entity or system. |
| Control objective | Intended goal or outcome that the control aims to achieve to mitigate risk and ensure compliance. |

| Option | Action |
| --- | --- |

