# Configure assignments



<!-- Page 105 -->
Configure assignments
Assignment configuration rules help in automating organization’s task records such as action
tasks, and non-task records such as issues, incidents, regulatory alerts, etc.
Before you begin
The GRC: Assignment and Approval Configurations (sn_grc_appr) application for approval and
assignment configurations is installed with the GRC: Compliance Case Management application.
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Assignment and Approval Configurations > Assignment Configurations.
2. Select New.
The Assignment configuration New Record is displayed.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For information on the fields in the form, see Assignment Configuration New Record.
Note: You cannot have more than one approval configuration applying to the table with
the same priority.
4.Select Submit.
Regulatory Agency Library
Regulatory Agency Library is a new application available in the ServiceNow Store for download
and activation.
Persona required: GRC Practitioners.
Regulatory Agency Library is an independent agency responsible for exercising laws or
standards or guidelines in a specific field or activity or business operations.
Regulatory Agency Library establishes a centralized library of agencies for identifying relevant
regulatory authorities that are responsible for overseeing particular industries or sectors
within each jurisdiction. The centralized library consolidates all regulatory communications via
emails and implements notification rules for data privacy or security breaches for the reported
compliance cases.
•Identify the geographical jurisdictions covered.
•Classify based on regulatory focus or industry-based sector.
•Establish point of communication and interaction between the agency and the entity that it
regulates.
•Empowers the compliance team to organize and streamline the connect with regulations to
manage the regulations and policies effectively.
Several types of components are installed with activation of the Regulatory Agency Library
application, including tables and user roles. For more information, see Roles and tables installed
with Regulatory Agency Library.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3540
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
