# Displaying the role hierarchy of a user



<!-- Page 423 -->
Role attribution to license mapping (continued)
Name Description
licensable application family they belong to
based on their assigned roles.
Helps you understand the license treatment of
a user when added to a user group based on
the roles that are assigned to the user group.
License treatment based on roles Shows the license treatment for a specific
combination of roles. You can search for
roles to identify their combined GRC license
treatment when these roles are assigned to a
user.
Note: The combined role license
treatment results are based on customer
license entitlements and installed
applications.
The following illustration shows the tabs, sections, and cards that are available on the GRC
licensing summary dashboard:
GRC licensing summary dashboard
Displaying the role hierarchy of a user
The role hierarchy node map displays the relationship between the license contributing roles for
role-based users and provides insights into the licensing treatment of a user.
If a user is assigned a direct role that has child roles, then the user inherits all the permissions of
the child roles. In such a case, the license treatment of the user depends on the combination of
the roles.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3858
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | licensable application family they belong to based on their assigned roles. Helps you understand the license treatment of a user when added to a user group based on the roles that are assigned to the user group. |
| License treatment based on roles | Shows the license treatment for a specific combination of roles. You can search for roles to identify their combined GRC license treatment when these roles are assigned to a user. Note: The combined role license treatment results are based on customer license entitlements and installed applications. |

