# Microsoft Word based audit report templates using Document designer



<!-- Page 424 -->
GRC users can have usage-based or role-based use of licenses. If the license usage is usage-
based, there’s no role hierarchy for the selected user.
To see the role hierarchy of a user, use either of the following methods:
•On the GRC licensing summary dashboard, under the License consumption tab, select the
user count, then a user and select Show role hierarchy.
•On the GRC licensing summary dashboard, under the Estimated next month usage tab, select
the user count, then a user and select Show role hierarchy. Or select a user under User role
allocation and then select Show role hierarchy.
The role hierarchy node map displays the child relationships of a user. If a user has multiple roles
assigned, the role hierarchy node map displays the entire hierarchy.
Note: Your license consumption is calculated based on the licensable roles that are
available at the time of calculation. Same roles might not be available at the time you view
the role hierarchy node map.
The following illustration shows a sample node map for user Cary Mccamey. Cary has the
roles sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst, and sn_compliance.manager. The
sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst role contains the sn_compliance.user and
sn_audit.user roles. Selecting the count on each node expands it further.
Microsoft Word based audit report templates using Document
designer
The Microsoft Word based audit report is accessible and user-friendly for audit administrators.
Even users without technical expertise can easily configure the template to meet their specific
needs.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3859
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
