# Configuring document templates using the Document Designer with Word add-in



<!-- Page 425 -->
Explore Use
Configure
Configure the Microsoft
Word based audit
Explore and learn report templates work. Use Microsoft Word based
how Microsoft Word audit report templates
based audit report
templates work.
Exploring the Microsoft Word based audit report templates
Create and customize audit report templates using a Word template. You can configure this
template to match your specific needs. Once the template is set up, it can be applied to one or
more audit engagements, automatically generating audit reports in Word format.
This feature enables users to build audit report templates using a Word template. They can
configure the template, apply it to one or more audit engagements, and generate the audit
report in Word format. The generated report can then be collaboratively edited using Document
designer, streamlining the review and approval process.
Benefits of the Word-based audit report templates
1.Ease of configuration: With the Word-based template, you can effortlessly set up and
customize your audit report templates without needing in-depth technical knowledge.
2. Enhanced collaboration: Once generated, the audit report is a Word document that integrates
seamlessly with Document designer, allowing for easy, real-time collaboration. This approach
is more efficient than the current method, which involves editing a published KB article.
Configuring document templates using the Document Designer with Word
add-in
Configure the audit report templates using the ServiceNow Document Designer with Word add-
in.
Perform the following steps to successfully configure the ServiceNow Document Designer with
Word add-in and create your audit report templates.
Configure templates for Document Designer
Configure the template to specify the fields from which data must be obtained and displayed on
the audit report.
Create data relationships
Create a path to go from a record in the template configuration to any table that you require.
When you create these paths, you can get the necessary data from each of these paths in your
audit report template.
Create content configurations
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3860
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Explore Explore and learn how Microsoft Word based audit report templates work. | Configure Configure the Microsoft Word based audit report templates work. | Use Use Microsoft Word based audit report templates |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |




<!-- Page 426 -->
Define the data that you want to view or fetch, whether it's a list of records or an aggregation
when creating an audit report. For example, specify if you want to see a list of remediation tasks
or the list of the top five high priority issues. A maximum of 200 records can be fetched from any
table.
Set up Microsoft 365 reporting configuration
Set up the Microsoft 365 reporting configuration records to specify the data points and reports
that you want to import in to a Microsoft Word document for disclosure reporting purposes.
Add additional reporting configuration filters for a Microsoft 365 configuration record
Add additional reporting filters to specify at a granular level what data must be imported to the
disclosure report from a table.
Install the ServiceNow Document Designer add-in
Install ServiceNow Document Designer add-in to your Microsoft Word document. This add-in is
required to create audit and CAM report templates.
Create an audit report template using ServiceNow Document Designer
Use the template configurations to create placeholders for an audit report template tailored to
your needs.
Configure templates for Document Designer
Configure the template to specify the fields from which data must be obtained and displayed on
the audit report.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_doc_design.admin and sn_audit.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Report > Template Configurations.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Template configuration form
Field Description
Name Name of the template configuration. For
example, you can specify Engagement
template configuration.
Business domain GRC business domain from which the
template is being configured. In this example,
it is set to Audit.
Table Table on which the report is generated.
Fields Fields from which data must be displayed on
the report. Move the required fields from the
Available list to the Selected list.
4.Select Submit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3861
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the template configuration. For example, you can specify Engagement template configuration. |
| Business domain | GRC business domain from which the template is being configured. In this example, it is set to Audit. |
| Table | Table on which the report is generated. |
| Fields | Fields from which data must be displayed on the report. Move the required fields from the Available list to the Selected list. |




<!-- Page 427 -->
What to do next
Create a data relationship path from the template configuration to go to any table that you
require. For more information, see Create data relationships.
Create data relationships
Create a path to go from a record in the template configuration to any table that you require.
When you create these paths, you can get the necessary data from each of these paths in your
audit report template.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_doc_design.admin and sn_audit.admin
About this task
When you create data relationships, for example, for an audit engagement, you can specify how
the issues, remediation tasks, test plans, and so on, are related to the record in the template
relationship registry and you create a path to navigate to these respective records. You can
create as many relationships as you require.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Report > Template configurations.
2. Open the template configuration that you created.
3. In the Data relationships related list, select New.
4.On the form, fill in the field.
Data relationship form
Field Description
Name Level that you want to go to. For example, you
can specify Engagement to issues.
Source
Parent relationship Parent of the data relationship.
Source table Source table used for the data relationship
created. This field is automatically set.
Target
Target relationship Select an existing relationship or create a
target relationship. For example, you can
select Issues to engagement.
Note: For more information, refer to
Setting up the 360º views. You can
register only existing relationships
between the types of data you want to
view.
Relationship type Type of the relationship such as many
to many or one to many. This field is
automatically populated based on the
selection made in the Target relationship
field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3862
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Level that you want to go to. For example, you can specify Engagement to issues. |
| Source |  |
| Parent relationship | Parent of the data relationship. |
| Source table | Source table used for the data relationship created. This field is automatically set. |
| Target |  |
| Target relationship | Select an existing relationship or create a target relationship. For example, you can select Issues to engagement. Note: For more information, refer to Setting up the 360º views. You can register only existing relationships between the types of data you want to view. |
| Relationship type | Type of the relationship such as many to many or one to many. This field is automatically populated based on the selection made in the Target relationship field. |




<!-- Page 428 -->
Field Description
Target table Table from which the data is obtained. This
field is automatically populated.
5. Select Submit.
What to do next
Create content configurations to specify the type of data you want to fetch on the report. For
more information, see Create content configurations.
Create content configurations
Define the data that you want to view or fetch, whether it's a list of records or an aggregation
when creating an audit report. For example, specify if you want to see a list of remediation tasks
or the list of the top five high priority issues. A maximum of 200 records can be fetched from any
table.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_doc_design.admin and sn_audit.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Report > Template configurations.
2. Open the template for which you want to create content configurations.
3. On the Content configurations related list, select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Content configuration form
Field Description
Name Name of the content configuration. For
example, List of remediation
tasks.
Template configuration Template configuration for which you're
defining the content configuration. This
field is automatically set based on the
configuration that you selected in step 2.
Target table Table from which data must be fetched.
Data relationship Data relationship for which you want to
create content configurations. Only the
data relationships that you have previously
created are available for selection.
Filter criteria Filter condition and the number of records
that can be displayed.
Aggregation criteria Aggregation query to be used for the content
configuration record. Use Data columns
and Intermediate filters related lists for the
content configuration record.
Content block criteria Parent block configuration to specify a table
or data that you want to insert in the content
block as a table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3863
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Target table | Table from which the data is obtained. This field is automatically populated. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the content configuration. For example, List of remediation tasks. |
| Template configuration | Template configuration for which you're defining the content configuration. This field is automatically set based on the configuration that you selected in step 2. |
| Target table | Table from which data must be fetched. |
| Data relationship | Data relationship for which you want to create content configurations. Only the data relationships that you have previously created are available for selection. |
| Filter criteria | Filter condition and the number of records that can be displayed. |
| Aggregation criteria | Aggregation query to be used for the content configuration record. Use Data columns and Intermediate filters related lists for the content configuration record. |
| Content block criteria | Parent block configuration to specify a table or data that you want to insert in the content block as a table. |




<!-- Page 429 -->
5. Build the Filter criteria and the Aggregation criteria as required.
6.To specify a table or data that you want to insert in the content block as a table, select the
Content block criteria tab.
a.In the Parent block configuration field, select the required content configuration.
b.Select Submit.
7.In the Data columns related list, specify the columns you want on the report from the table that
you have selected.
For more information, see Configure Data columns.
8.In the Intermediate filters related list, define the filters that should apply to the dataset to refine
the results displayed in the report.
For more information, see Configure Intermediate filters.
9.Select Update.
Configure Data columns
Configure data columns to choose which fields from the selected table appear in your report.
This helps confirm that only relevant information is displayed, making reports clear and
actionable.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_doc_design.admin and sn_audit.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to the Data columns related list.
2. Select New.
3. Review the Content configuration field.
This field is pre-populated with the name of the selected entity and is read-only. To preview the
record, select the info icon.
4.In the Type field, select Column or Script from the drop-down list.
5. In the Column field, select the column you want to include.
A tree view appears showing available fields from the selected table. Expand folders if needed
and select the required column.
6.Select Submit.
What to do next
Configure Intermediate filters
Configure Intermediate filters
Set up filters for intermediate data relationship nodes based on the selected data relationship in
the content configuration. This confirms only relevant information is displayed, making reports
clear and actionable.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_doc_design.admin and sn_audit.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to the Intermediate filters related list.
2. Select New.
3. On the Data column new record form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3864
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 430 -->
Field Description
Provide a unique name for the intermediate fil­
Name
ter.
Displays the name of the selected entity. This
Content configuration field is pre-populated and read-only. Select
the info icon to preview the record.
Select the node that defines the relationship
Data relationship node
for filtering data.
Indicates whether the filter is active. Selected
Active by default. If you want the filter to be inactive,
you can deselect this check box.
Displays the table associated with the select­
Target table
ed node.
Add filter conditions, OR clauses, or sorting
Condition options to define which records are included.
Setting up conditions is optional.
Enable this option to restrict the number of
Set record limit
records returned.
4.Select Submit.
Define the scripted variables
Define data for the scripted variables using the Template Configurations module for creating a
report template in the Audit application. You can configure the data in either text or HTML format.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_doc_design.developer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Audit > Audit Report > Template Configurations.
2. Open the template for which you want to create scripted variables.
3. Select the Scripted variables tab.
4.In the Scripted variables related list, select New to create a scripted variable.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3865
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 431 -->
5. In the Name field, provide a descriptive name for the template.
6.From the Type drop-down list, select either Text or HTML based on your requirement.
7.Turn on the Script toggle to enable custom script for the scripted variable.
8.Select Submit.
The Scripted variables for the template appear in the related list.
Create an audit report template using ServiceNow Document Designer
Use the template configurations to create placeholders for an audit report template tailored to
your needs.
Before you begin
Install and activate the ServiceNow Document Designer with Word (sn_grc_doc_design) plugin.
For more information, see Install the ServiceNow Document Designer add-in.
Confirm that you have the templates configured. For more information, see Configure templates
for Document Designer.
If you want to insert and update reporting content, set up Microsoft 365 reporting. For more
information see, Set up Microsoft 365 reporting configuration and Add additional reporting
configuration filters for a Microsoft 365 configuration record .
Role required: sn_audit.manager and sn_grc_doc_design.reader
Procedure
1.Navigate to the Microsoft Word document that you want to use for template creation.
2. To create placeholders, select Design template On the ribbon.
3. To log in to your ServiceNow instance, select Log in using the audit manager credentials.
a.On the ServiceNow login screen, provide your credentials.
b.Select Allow.
4.On the ServiceNow Document Designer pane, fill in the following fields.
a.In the Business domain field, select Audit.
b.In the Template configuration field, select the configuration record you want to insert.
c.To confirm the selected template configuration, select Confirm.
d. Select the Data tab then the Data element field and from the list, select the fields you would
like to see on the template.
Only the configured fields are available for selection.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3866
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 432 -->
e. Move the mouse device at the point where you want to insert data and insert the fields such
as Logo, Type, Name, and so on.
f.Select the Table tab, in the Table element field, from the list, select the configured table
elements that you would like to see on the template.
For example, the list of top five high priority issues.
5. To insert a content block with styling that can appear repeatedly, select Block.
a.In the document, add the content that must be used for repeated styling.
b.In the Content block source field, select the item that you want to map to the content block.
c.Select Add content block.
The content in the document is wrapped in the content block and the options Data and
Table are available.
d. To insert data from the configured columns in the content block, select Data.
e. Select Add.
f.To insert content from a table, select Table.
After selecting the table you want, you can select Edit columns to reorder columns as
needed.
g.Select Add.
6.To insert reporting content, select Add content on the ribbon.
a.Select the Data tab.
b.In the Business domain field, select Audit.
c.In the Reporting item field, select the configuration record you want.
d. In the available fields, make the selections that you would like to see on the template.
Only the configured fields are available for selection.
e. Move the mouse device at the point where you want to insert content and select Add.
The data is inserted in to the template. The inserted text takes the formatting of the
document. You can modify the formatting as required.
f.Select the Table tab.
g.In the Business domain field, select Audit.
h.In the Reporting item field, select the configuration record you want.
i. In the available fields, make the selections that you would like to see on the template.
Only the configured fields are available for selection.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3867
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
