# Install the ServiceNow Document Designer add-in



<!-- Page 433 -->
j. Move the mouse device at the point where you want to insert the table and select Add.
The table is inserted in to the template. The inserted table takes the formatting of the
document. You can modify the formatting as required.
k.Select the Chart tab.
l. In the Business domain field, select Audit.
m.In the Reporting item field, select the configuration record you want.
n.In the available fields, make the selections that you would like to see on the template.
Only the configured fields are available for selection.
o.Move the mouse device at the point where you want to insert the chart and select Add.
The chart is inserted in to the template. The inserted chart can be modified according to your
preferences. For example, you can change the colors, the type of chart and so on.
7.To update reporting content, select Manage content.
a.Select the field that you would like to get the updated data for and select View and refresh
links.
Only the fields added to the table are available for selection.
The selected fields and content are updated with the latest data available.
Note:
To help avoid potential errors:
◦Don't add a content block within another content block.
◦Don't add more than 10 images.
◦Don't add more than one table inside a content block.
◦Don't add more than five content blocks.
8.Save the template.
Related topics
Set up Microsoft 365 reporting configuration
Add additional reporting configuration filters for a Microsoft 365 configuration record
Add related fields to a Microsoft 365 configuration record
Install the ServiceNow Document Designer add-in
Install the ServiceNow Document designer add-in to your Microsoft Word document to create
audit and CAM report templates and generate report content using the AI Reporting Assistant.
Before you begin
Activate the sn_grc_doc_design plugin.
Role required: sys_admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3868
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
