# Create a business domain



<!-- Page 434 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > ServiceNow Add-Ins for Office > Office Add-In Manifests.
2. Select ServiceNow Document Designer from the Office Manifests list.
3. Select Download Manifest.
4.To enable the add-in, contact your Microsoft 365 account manager who can use the manifest
file you downloaded in step 3.
What to do next
For detailed instructions on how to deploy the manifest file, see the Deploy add-ins in the
Microsoft 365 admin center [KB1307378] article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
To configure the HTTP response headers for add-in for Microsoft Word in the browser, see the
Response header resolution [KB1434453] article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
Related topics
AI reporting assistant
Reference information for Document designer
There are several properties that get installed with the Document designer plugin. These
properties help to control the various aspects of how the plugin works.
Properties installed
Property Description
This property restricts the size of contract
com.snc.word_doc_api.size_limit_mb documents in mega bytes. The default value is
5.
This property restricts the size of unzipped
com.snc.word_doc_api.unzip_word_size_limit_mbWord documents in mega bytes. The default
value is 10.
Image types processed by the plugin and
com.snc.word_doc_api.supported_image_typesinserted into the Word document. The
supported image types are: png, jpg, jpeg, and
gif.
Option to disable the API. When set to true,
com.snc.word_doc_api.disable_wordapi the API does not work. The default value is
false.
Maximum image size in kilobytes. If the
com.snc.word_doc_api.image_size_limit_kb image exceeds this value, the plugin stops
processing and returns a status failure with an
error message. The default value is 100.
Number of times a repeater block is duplicated
com.snc.word_doc_api.max_repetitions and inserted consecutively into the Word
document. The default value is 500.
Create a business domain
Create a business domain to define the context in which data is imported into a Microsoft Word
document using Document designer.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3869
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| com.snc.word_doc_api.size_limit_mb | This property restricts the size of contract documents in mega bytes. The default value is 5. |
| com.snc.word_doc_api.unzip_word_size_limit_m | This property restricts the size of unzipped bWord documents in mega bytes. The default value is 10. |
| com.snc.word_doc_api.supported_image_types | Image types processed by the plugin and inserted into the Word document. The supported image types are: png, jpg, jpeg, and gif. |
| com.snc.word_doc_api.disable_wordapi | Option to disable the API. When set to true, the API does not work. The default value is false. |
| com.snc.word_doc_api.image_size_limit_kb | Maximum image size in kilobytes. If the image exceeds this value, the plugin stops processing and returns a status failure with an error message. The default value is 100. |
| com.snc.word_doc_api.max_repetitions | Number of times a repeater block is duplicated and inserted consecutively into the Word document. The default value is 500. |

