# Download and activate the Regulatory Agency Library plugin



<!-- Page 106 -->
Overview of an agency record
After a regulatory agency is created, on the overview tab of the agency, you can
view the pie charts depicting the total number of emails sent to the various regulator
domains. This feature enables you to view the domains where the maximum number
of emails were sent. The ability to drill-down helps you to access the emails tracker
page directly from an agency record thus enabling you to filter and display only the
relevant emails sent for a specific agency, making it easier to track and manage
communications. The following image shows how the overview tab of a regulatory agency
appears.
Related topics
Download and activate the Regulatory Agency Library plugin
Add a regulatory agency
Add a regulatory contact to an agency
Add a jurisdiction to an agency
Add an authority document to an agency
Compose and send an email about a regulatory agency record
Download and activate the Regulatory Agency Library plugin
You can activate the GRC: Regulatory Agency Library application if you have the admin role. This
application includes demo data and provides you access to regulatory body profiles.
Before you begin
In ServiceNow Store, you must confirm that you have entitlements (or licenses) to the application
and its dependent applications.
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to System Applications > All Available Applications > All > .
2. Find the Regulatory Agency Library application by using the filter criteria and search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you cannot find an application, you may
have to request it from ServiceNow Store.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3541
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
