# Components installed with Governance, Risk, and Compliance



<!-- Page 443 -->
Form name Table name Record icon type Icon name
Control sn_compliance_control clipboard-check-
outline
Citation sn_compliance_citation connect-view-
document-outline
Control objective sn_compliance_policy_statement clipboard-lines-
outline
Governance, Risk, and Compliance reference
Reference topics provide information about tables, roles, and properties installed with the GRC
application.
Components installed with Governance, Risk, and Compliance
Reference topics provide additional information about components that are installed with the
activation of the GRC plugin. These components include tables, user roles, and properties.
Note: The Application Files table lists the components that are installed with this
application. For instructions on how to access this table, see Find components installed
with an application .
Demo data is available for this feature.
Common roles in Governance, Risk, and Compliance
Certain common roles are used in multiple GRC modules.
Common roles
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
GRC Business User Role that is a part of the
•sn_grc.user_hierarchy_reader
GRC Profiles application.
[sn_grc.business_user] Assign this role to users who •workspace_user
require access only to GRC
•sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
applications for performing
their assigned tasks, providing •canvas_user
them limited access to data
and information relevant to
those tasks. For example,
assign this role to a business
user who must respond to an
attestation or risk assessment,
or who must remediate an
issue.
Starting with the 14.x release,
the following permissions are
available to the users with the
sn_grc.business_user role:
Policy and Compliance
Management:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3878
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Form name | Table name | Record icon type | Icon name |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Control | sn_compliance_control |  | clipboard-check- outline |
| Citation | sn_compliance_citation |  | connect-view- document-outline |
| Control objective | sn_compliance_policy_ | statement | clipboard-lines- outline |

| with an application |  |
| --- | --- |

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |




<!-- Page 444 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
•Create issues or view all
issues that are assigned to
them or their group.
•Accept and approve
evidence responses.
•Assign a remediation task.
•Acknowledge policies.
•Edit the linked MS Word or
Google Doc as a contributor
during policy authoring.
•Group or ungroup
attestations.
•Request or approve policy
exceptions.
•Report issues.
•Respond to observations.
•Submit and request issue
triages.
•Take an attestation.
Risk Management:
•Create or view all issues
that are assigned to them or
their group.
•Assign indicator tasks.
•Assign issues.
•Assign remediation tasks.
•Assign risk event tasks.
•Assign risk response tasks.
•Approve or assess an
advanced risk assessment.
•Respond to indicator tasks.
•Respond to the risk
identification questionnaire.
•Respond to the metrics data
task.
•Report issues.
•Submit issue triage
requests.
•Take the risk assessment.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3879
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |




<!-- Page 445 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
•View the risk assessment
scope.
•View risk statements.
•View the risk assessment
scope.
•View and report risk events.
•View indicator supporting
data.
Integration with Project
Portfolio Management:
•Create a risk from a library.
•Elevate an enterprise risk.
•Initiate an object
assessment.
•View the Project Risk
Overview dashboard.
During an upgrade to either
version 11.x or 12.x of GRC:
Profiles, users who have
previously performed a GRC
operation in the past 90 days
are automatically assigned
with the sn_grc.business_user
role. This is a one-time event.
The group and role are
assigned once during the 11.x
or 12.x upgrade.
For more information on the
sn_grc.business_user role,
see KB0864247 .
Note: You must log in to
Now Support to view the
Knowledge Base articles.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3880
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |




<!-- Page 446 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Note: You can manage
who can access your
GRC records with the
GRC user roles. Earlier,
your users with the
snc_internal role could
also access the GRC
records. As part of
the security updates,
each GRC application
has modified access
control lists (ACLs)
where access to the GRC
records is restricted only
to the users with the
GRC roles.
Note: When you (a
GRC user) run a job to
create a record, this will
create an entry to the
user in the Unique user
table.
GRC Business User – Lite Role that enables a user to
•sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
perform only a subset of the
[sn_grc.business_user_lite] tasks that can be performed •canvas_user
by the sn_grc.business_user.
•sn_grc.user_hierarchy_reader
This role is applicable only
for customers who are
entitled to and have installed
the GRC: Business User –
Lite application from the
ServiceNow Store. Risk Lite
Operators are users who
have the right to perform
only one or more of the listed
operations. The users with this
role can perform the following
activities:
•Read or update the policy
acknowledgment, control
attestation, take attestation,
issues that are assigned to
them, remediation task, or
evidence request.
•Report or read the
submitted issues, risk
events, or policy exceptions.
Risk Management
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3881
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: You can manage who can access your GRC records with the GRC user roles. Earlier, your users with the snc_internal role could also access the GRC records. As part of the security updates, each GRC application has modified access control lists (ACLs) where access to the GRC records is restricted only to the users with the GRC roles. Note: When you (a GRC user) run a job to create a record, this will create an entry to the user in the Unique user table. |  |




<!-- Page 447 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
•Update issues or view all the
issues that are assigned to
them or their group.
•Approve advanced risk
assessments.
Note: To enable
lite operators to
approve advanced
risk assessments, the
administrator must
manually add the
sn_risk_advanced.ara_approver
role to GRC: Business
User Lite.
•Respond to risk response
tasks.
•Approve risk response
tasks.
•Review, approve, or reject a
risk event.
•Respond to a risk
identification questionnaire.
•Update any assigned risk
event task.
•Review or respond to the
metrics data tasks.
•Assign indicator tasks.
•Respond to indicator task
requests.
•Respond to indicator tasks.
•Approve policy exceptions
and evidence requests.
GRC admin Role that provides a user with
•business_process_admin
administrative access to the
[sn_grc.admin] GRC suite of applications and •sn_grc.user_hierarchy_admin
modules.
•sn_grc_workspace.task_admin
•sn_grc.manager
•sn_data_registry.admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3882
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | •Update issues or view all the issues that are assigned to them or their group. •Approve advanced risk assessments. Note: To enable lite operators to approve advanced risk assessments, the administrator must manually add the sn_risk_advanced.ara_a role to GRC: Business User Lite. •Respond to risk response tasks. •Approve risk response tasks. •Review, approve, or reject a risk event. •Respond to a risk identification questionnaire. •Update any assigned risk event task. •Review or respond to the metrics data tasks. •Assign indicator tasks. •Respond to indicator task requests. •Respond to indicator tasks. •Approve policy exceptions and evidence requests. | pprover |
| GRC admin [sn_grc.admin] | Role that provides a user with administrative access to the GRC suite of applications and modules. | •business_process_admin •sn_grc.user_hierarchy_admin •sn_grc_workspace.task_admi •sn_grc.manager •sn_data_registry.admin |




<!-- Page 448 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
GRC System admin Role that is a system role for
•admin
running scheduled jobs. This
sn_grc.sn_grc_system_admin role is equivalent to the admin •import_admin
role. For example, if you want
•sn_grc.admin
to run a scheduled job for
policy acknowledgment, you
can set up the system to run
the job as GRC admin. The
GRC system administrator is a
default user that contains the
sn_grc.sn_grc_system_admin
role.
Note: This role isn’t
assigned to a person. It’s
a technical back-end role
that is used for running
the scheduled jobs.
GRC Reader Role that provides a user with
•pa_viewer
read access to the GRC suite
[sn_grc.reader] of applications and modules. •cmdb_read
•sn_data_registry.reader
GRC Manager
•sn_grc.user
Role that provides a user with
[sn_grc.manager] management access to the •sn_grc.compliance_manager
GRC suite of applications and
•business_process_manager
modules.
•cmdb_query_builder_read
GRC User
•sn_grc.reader
Role that provides a user with
[sn_grc.user] management access to the •business_process_user
GRC suite of applications and
•sn_grc_pa.sn_grc_pa_viewer
modules.
GRC Developer Role that enables a user sn_grc.admin
to perform script-based
[sn_grc.developer] work such as write scripted
factors, scripted formulae for
advanced risk assessment,
scripted indicators, and so on
in GRC.
GRC Confidential User Role that provides a user None
with access to the GRC
[sn_grc.confidential_user] confidential records.
GRC User Hierarchy Reader Role that provides a user with None
[sn_grc.user_hierarchy_reader] read access to the records
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3883
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GRC System admin sn_grc.sn_grc_system_admin | Role that is a system role for running scheduled jobs. This role is equivalent to the admin role. For example, if you want to run a scheduled job for policy acknowledgment, you can set up the system to run the job as GRC admin. The GRC system administrator is a default user that contains the sn_grc.sn_grc_system_admin role. Note: This role isn’t assigned to a person. It’s a technical back-end role that is used for running the scheduled jobs. | •admin •import_admin •sn_grc.admin |
| GRC Reader [sn_grc.reader] | Role that provides a user with read access to the GRC suite of applications and modules. | •pa_viewer •cmdb_read •sn_data_registry.reader |
| GRC Manager [sn_grc.manager] | Role that provides a user with management access to the GRC suite of applications and modules. | •sn_grc.user •sn_grc.compliance_manager •business_process_manager •cmdb_query_builder_read |
| GRC User [sn_grc.user] | Role that provides a user with management access to the GRC suite of applications and modules. | •sn_grc.reader •business_process_user •sn_grc_pa.sn_grc_pa_viewer |
| GRC Developer [sn_grc.developer] | Role that enables a user to perform script-based work such as write scripted factors, scripted formulae for advanced risk assessment, scripted indicators, and so on in GRC. | sn_grc.admin |
| GRC Confidential User [sn_grc.confidential_user] | Role that provides a user with access to the GRC confidential records. | None |




<!-- Page 449 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
in the sn_grc_user_hierarchy
table.
GRC User Hierarchy admin Role that enables a None
[sn_grc.user_hierarchy_admin] user to create or delete
the records in the
sn_grc_user_hierarchy_configuration
table.
Workspace task reader Role that enables a user None
[sn_grc_workspace.task_reader]to read the records in the
configuration tables such
as the tab configuration,
applicable tables, and so on.
None
Audit reader [sn_audit.reader] Role that enables a user to
read the audits and audit-
related tables. This role is
applicable only for customers
who are entitled to and have
installed the GRC: Business
User – Lite application from
the ServiceNow Store.
None
Audit approver Role that enables a user to
[sn_audit.approver] approve the audits. This role is
applicable only for customers
who are entitled to and have
installed the GRC: Business
User – Lite application from
the ServiceNow Store.
Document Designer Reader Role that provides a user None
[sn_grc_doc_design.reader] with read access to the
AI Reporting Assistant in
Document Designer.
Roles that are installed with the GRC Employee User application
Note: The following role is applicable only to customers who are entitled to and have
installed the GRC Employee User application. For more details, review the entitlement on
the subscription dashboard or contact ServiceNow customer service.
GRC Employee Role that is applicable only to
[sn_grc_emp_user.grc_employeec]ustomers who are entitled to
and have installed the GRC
Employee User application
from the ServiceNow Store.
The users with this role can
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3884
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | in the sn_grc_user_hierarchy table. |  |
| GRC User Hierarchy admin [sn_grc.user_hierarchy_admin] | Role that enables a user to create or delete the records in the sn_grc_user_hierarchy_configu table. | None ration |
| Workspace task reader [sn_grc_workspace.task_reader | Role that enables a user ]to read the records in the configuration tables such as the tab configuration, applicable tables, and so on. | None |
| Audit reader [sn_audit.reader] | Role that enables a user to read the audits and audit- related tables. This role is applicable only for customers who are entitled to and have installed the GRC: Business User – Lite application from the ServiceNow Store. | None |
| Audit approver [sn_audit.approver] | Role that enables a user to approve the audits. This role is applicable only for customers who are entitled to and have installed the GRC: Business User – Lite application from the ServiceNow Store. | None |
| Document Designer Reader [sn_grc_doc_design.reader] | Role that provides a user with read access to the AI Reporting Assistant in Document Designer. | None |
| Roles that are installed with the GRC Employee User application |  |  |
| Note: The following role is applicable only to customers who are entitled to and have installed the GRC Employee User application. For more details, review the entitlement on the subscription dashboard or contact ServiceNow customer service. |  |  |

