# Tables installed with Governance, Risk, and Compliance



<!-- Page 450 -->
Common roles (continued)
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
perform the following activities
from Employee Center:
•Read and acknowledge
organizational policies.
•Report risk events and
issues.
•Request policy exceptions.
•Report a compliance case to
the Compliance team.
•Raise inquiries or requests
to the Compliance team.
The following Operator roles are reclassified as Lite Operator roles when the GRC Employee User
application and GRC Business User Lite applications are installed:
•sn_grc.business_user
•sn_risk_advanced.ara_assessor
•sn_irm_cont_auth.authorization_official
•sn_irm_cont_auth.reader
•sn_irm_cont_auth.executive_read
Note: This reclassification is applicable only to customers who are entitled to and have
installed the GRC Employee User application. For more details, review the entitlement on
the subscription dashboard or contact ServiceNow customer service.
Tables installed with Governance, Risk, and Compliance
Tables are added with activation of GRC plugin.
Tables installed
Table Description
Control objective to object staging table Stores the staged data of control objective and
[sn_grc_pci_control_objective_object_staging] configuration test mappings.
Control objective mapping Stores the metadata of the configuration
import configuration information required to ship the records from
[sn_grc_pci_control_objective_mapping_import_tchoen sfitgaugrinagtio tanb]le to the target table.
Control objective mapping import Stores the metadata of key-value pairs
additional fields configuration pertaining to any additional columns on the
[sn_grc_pci_control_objective_mapping_import_taadrgdeitti omn2aml_ tfiaebldles._configuration]
Content Reference to Authority Document Many-to-many relationship table that stores
the mapped data between the content
sn_grc_m2m_cont_ref_auth_doc references and authority documents.
Content Reference to Citation Many-to-many relationship table that stores
the mapped data between the content
references and citation.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3885
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | perform the following activities from Employee Center: •Read and acknowledge organizational policies. •Report risk events and issues. •Request policy exceptions. •Report a compliance case to the Compliance team. •Raise inquiries or requests to the Compliance team. |  |

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Control objective to object staging table [sn_grc_pci_control_objective_object_staging] | Stores the staged data of control objective and configuration test mappings. |
| Control objective mapping import configuration [sn_grc_pci_control_objective_mapping_import | Stores the metadata of the configuration information required to ship the records from _tchoen sfitgaugrinagtio tanb]le to the target table. |
| Control objective mapping import additional fields configuration [sn_grc_pci_control_objective_mapping_import | Stores the metadata of key-value pairs pertaining to any additional columns on the _taadrgdeitti omn2aml_ tfiaebldles._configuration] |
| Content Reference to Authority Document sn_grc_m2m_cont_ref_auth_doc | Many-to-many relationship table that stores the mapped data between the content references and authority documents. |

