# Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties



<!-- Page 451 -->
Tables installed (continued)
Table Description
[sn_grc_m2m_cont_ref_citation]
Content Reference to Control Objective Many-to-many relationship table that stores
the mapped data between the content
[sn_grc_m2m_cont_ref_ps] references and control objectives.
Functional domain Stores the metadata of the list of functional
[sn_grc_functional_domain] domains.
Functional domain configuration Stores the configuration information of all audit
[sn_grc_functional_domain_configuration] and compliance objects that are classified as
IT related.
Functional domain configuration Stores the m2m mapping of the relationship
m2m relationship registry registries that determine the parent table,
[sn_grc_functional_domain_config_m2m_relationchshildip _tarbegleis, atrny]d the relationship between the
two.
GRC functional domain user action Stores the manually triggered user actions of
[sn_grc_functional_domain_user_action] adding and removing of objects as IT related.
Issue to Content [sn_grc_m2m_issue_content] Many-to-many relationship table that is used
to manage relationships between issue and
control objective.
Issue to Document Many-to-many relationship table that is used
[sn_grc_m2m_issue_document] to manage relationships between issue and
policy table and between issue and authority
document.
Issue to Engagement Many-to-many relationship table that is used
[sn_grc_m2m_issue_engagement] to manage relationships between issue and
engagement.
Issue to Item [sn_grc_m2m_issue_item] Many-to-many relationship table that is used
to manage relationships between issue and
control.
Item to entity [sn_grc_m2m_item_entity] Many-to-many relationship table that stores
associated reliant entities with common
controls.
Item to entity type Stores entity type ID record for entity type
[sn_grc_m2m_item_entity_type] association.
Indicator [sn_grc_indicator] Stores details of indicators.
Supporting Data Stores the supporting data collected after the
[sn_grc_indicator_supporting_data] indicator job run (GRC indicator nightly run).
Indicator Supporting Data Statistics Stores statistics of indicators for collecting
[sn_grc_indicator_supporting_data_statistics] supporting data, which is leveraged by the
supporting data collection job.
Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties
The following are the common GRC properties under Policy and Compliance and Risk
Management.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3886
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [sn_grc_m2m_cont_ref_citation] |  |
| Content Reference to Control Objective [sn_grc_m2m_cont_ref_ps] | Many-to-many relationship table that stores the mapped data between the content references and control objectives. |
| Functional domain [sn_grc_functional_domain] | Stores the metadata of the list of functional domains. |
| Functional domain configuration [sn_grc_functional_domain_configuration] | Stores the configuration information of all audit and compliance objects that are classified as IT related. |
| Functional domain configuration m2m relationship registry [sn_grc_functional_domain_config_m2m_relati | Stores the m2m mapping of the relationship registries that determine the parent table, onchshildip _tarbegleis, atrny]d the relationship between the two. |
| GRC functional domain user action [sn_grc_functional_domain_user_action] | Stores the manually triggered user actions of adding and removing of objects as IT related. |
| Issue to Content [sn_grc_m2m_issue_content] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between issue and control objective. |
| Issue to Document [sn_grc_m2m_issue_document] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between issue and policy table and between issue and authority document. |
| Issue to Engagement [sn_grc_m2m_issue_engagement] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between issue and engagement. |
| Issue to Item [sn_grc_m2m_issue_item] | Many-to-many relationship table that is used to manage relationships between issue and control. |
| Item to entity [sn_grc_m2m_item_entity] | Many-to-many relationship table that stores associated reliant entities with common controls. |
| Item to entity type [sn_grc_m2m_item_entity_type] | Stores entity type ID record for entity type association. |
| Indicator [sn_grc_indicator] | Stores details of indicators. |
| Supporting Data [sn_grc_indicator_supporting_data] | Stores the supporting data collected after the indicator job run (GRC indicator nightly run). |
| Indicator Supporting Data Statistics [sn_grc_indicator_supporting_data_statistics] | Stores statistics of indicators for collecting supporting data, which is leveraged by the supporting data collection job. |




<!-- Page 452 -->
Common GRC properties
Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Administration > GRC Properties. Alternatively, you can
navigate to Risk > Administration > GRC Properties.
Properties for GRC
Property Description
Consider executing indicator result business rules on indicator job run The property is a GRC
indicator for the executed
sn_grc.indicator_result_execute_business_rules_on_indicator_job_run result business rules on the
indicator job run and is in
GRC: Profiles.
•Type: true or false
•Default value: false
Consider executing indicator task business rules on indicator job run The property is a GRC
indicator for the executed
sn_grc.indicator_task_execute_business_rules_on_indicator_job_run task business rules on the
indicator job run and is in
GRC: Profiles.
•Type: true or false
•Default value: false
Consider executing indicator business rules on indicator job run The property is a GRC
indicator for the executed
sn_grc.indicator_execute_business_rules_on_indicator_job_run business rules on the
indicator job run and is in
GRC: Profiles.
•Type: true or false
•Default value: false
Enable same response assessment grouping option. This property is used by
sn_grc.enable_consolidate_asmt the feature “Attestation
Response Consolidation.“
When this is set to true, an
additional option “Provide
same response for all
assessments” is added to
the grouping choices.
•Type: Yes or No
•Default value: Yes
Total number of questions allowed in a different response type This property is used
grouped assessment = number of questions in one assessment * when creating a group
number of selected assessments. sn_grc.grouped_questions_limit (different response
type) of attestations/risk
assessments. If total number
according to formula
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3887
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Consider executing indicator result business rules on indicator job run sn_grc.indicator_result_execute_business_rules_on_indicator_job_run | The property is a GRC indicator for the executed result business rules on the indicator job run and is in GRC: Profiles. •Type: true or false •Default value: false |
| Consider executing indicator task business rules on indicator job run sn_grc.indicator_task_execute_business_rules_on_indicator_job_run | The property is a GRC indicator for the executed task business rules on the indicator job run and is in GRC: Profiles. •Type: true or false •Default value: false |
| Consider executing indicator business rules on indicator job run sn_grc.indicator_execute_business_rules_on_indicator_job_run | The property is a GRC indicator for the executed business rules on the indicator job run and is in GRC: Profiles. •Type: true or false •Default value: false |
| Enable same response assessment grouping option. sn_grc.enable_consolidate_asmt | This property is used by the feature “Attestation Response Consolidation.“ When this is set to true, an additional option “Provide same response for all assessments” is added to the grouping choices. •Type: Yes or No •Default value: Yes |




<!-- Page 453 -->
Properties for GRC (continued)
Property Description
exceeds it throws an error
to restrict group creation to
prevent too many questions
in a group. If this property
is increased by customer it
may impact performance.
Automatically make indicators for item. sn_grc.auto_create_indicator If this property is set to true
indicators are automatically
generated once the
content(Risk statement/
Control objective) is linked
to indicator template.
•Type: Yes or No
•Default value: Yes
Maximum number of indicator events allowed. These are the maximum
sn_grc.indicator_max_events number of indicator run
related events that are
allowed to be fired during
a scheduled indicator run.
Typically the no of events
to be fired is determined
by Total no of indicators/
Batch size of indicator
to run. If the result event
count exceeds Maximum
number of indicator events
allowed then the batch
size id adjusted to total
indicators/ Maximum
number of indicator events
allowed.
Batch size of indicator to run. sn_grc.indicator_min_batch_size This property controls how
many indicators must run
in a batch. Indicators are
always run in batches. For
each batch there is an event
fired with sys_ids of the
indicators to be run. For
example, if the total number
of indicators are 10000 and
the batch size is 1000 there
will be 10 events fired and
each event has list of 1000
indicators to be run.
Total number of questions allowed in a same response type grouped This property is used
assessment = number of questions in one assessment * number of when creating a group
selected assessments. sn_grc.consolidated_questions_limit (same response type)
of attestations/risk
assessments. If total number
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3888
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | exceeds it throws an error to restrict group creation to prevent too many questions in a group. If this property is increased by customer it may impact performance. |
| Automatically make indicators for item. sn_grc.auto_create_indicator | If this property is set to true indicators are automatically generated once the content(Risk statement/ Control objective) is linked to indicator template. •Type: Yes or No •Default value: Yes |
| Maximum number of indicator events allowed. sn_grc.indicator_max_events | These are the maximum number of indicator run related events that are allowed to be fired during a scheduled indicator run. Typically the no of events to be fired is determined by Total no of indicators/ Batch size of indicator to run. If the result event count exceeds Maximum number of indicator events allowed then the batch size id adjusted to total indicators/ Maximum number of indicator events allowed. |
| Batch size of indicator to run. sn_grc.indicator_min_batch_size | This property controls how many indicators must run in a batch. Indicators are always run in batches. For each batch there is an event fired with sys_ids of the indicators to be run. For example, if the total number of indicators are 10000 and the batch size is 1000 there will be 10 events fired and each event has list of 1000 indicators to be run. |




<!-- Page 454 -->
Properties for GRC (continued)
Property Description
as per formula exceeds it
throws an error to restrict
group creation to prevent
too many questions in a
group. If this property is
increased by customer it
may impact performance.
Maximum number of open indicator tasks. Each indicator that is run
sn_grc.max_open_indicator_tasks will have an associated
task created in the
sn_grc_indicator_task
table. This property controls
the number of indicator
tasks active at any point
of time. If the indicators
exceed the count, a
sn_grc.max_tasks_exceeded
event is fired.
For more information, see
KB0788099 .
Automatically close a issue when all its related remediation tasks are When this property is set
closed. sn_grc.automatically_close_all_issues_when_all_tasks_closed to true, an issue will be
automatically closed when
all its children tasks are
closed. Otherwise, the user
has to manually close the
issue.
•Type: Yes or No
•Default value: Yes
Issue assignee suggestion based on. If this property is set to
sn_grc_pred_intel.issue_assignee_suggest “None” the Suggest icon
wouldn’t be available beside
the Assigned To field on
the issue form. If it is set
to “Similarity Analysis”
then the suggest icon
would be available and the
assignment predictions
would happen based on the
similarity solution definition
name provided in the
property " Machine learning
solution for prediction of
issue assignees”, when the
user clicks the suggest icon.
Machine learning solution for prediction of issue assignees. This property is used for
sn_grc_pred_intel.ml_solution_for_issue_assigned_to mentioning the name of the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3889
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | as per formula exceeds it throws an error to restrict group creation to prevent too many questions in a group. If this property is increased by customer it may impact performance. |
| Maximum number of open indicator tasks. sn_grc.max_open_indicator_tasks | Each indicator that is run will have an associated task created in the sn_grc_indicator_task table. This property controls the number of indicator tasks active at any point of time. If the indicators exceed the count, a sn_grc.max_tasks_exceeded event is fired. For more information, see KB0788099 . |
| Automatically close a issue when all its related remediation tasks are closed. sn_grc.automatically_close_all_issues_when_all_tasks_closed | When this property is set to true, an issue will be automatically closed when all its children tasks are closed. Otherwise, the user has to manually close the issue. •Type: Yes or No •Default value: Yes |
| Issue assignee suggestion based on. sn_grc_pred_intel.issue_assignee_suggest | If this property is set to “None” the Suggest icon wouldn’t be available beside the Assigned To field on the issue form. If it is set to “Similarity Analysis” then the suggest icon would be available and the assignment predictions would happen based on the similarity solution definition name provided in the property " Machine learning solution for prediction of issue assignees”, when the user clicks the suggest icon. |




<!-- Page 455 -->
Properties for GRC (continued)
Property Description
Similarity solution definition
that would be used for
prediction of issue assigned
to. If this field is left blank
or has an incorrect/non-
existent Similarity solution
definition name then the
user would get an error
on clicking the suggest
icon next to the issue
assigned to field. The user
could have many existing
similar solutions on their
instance. This provides
some amount of flexibility
to select the appropriate
solution definition name.
Default sample size of indicator templates and indicators. The property is used to set
sn_grc.indicator.default.sample_size the default sample size of
indicator templates and
indicators.
Max number of records to be processed by indicator supporting data The property is used to
collection job. sn_grc.max_supporting_data_records_to_process collect the configured
number of records from
the supporting data
statistics table whenever the
supporting data collection
job runs. The default value is
500.
Supporting data limit for indicators with % based sampling. The property is used to set
sn_grc.supporting_data_percentage_max_records_limit an upper limit in collecting
supporting data although
you have set a percentage
of records to be collected
when you select Percentage
as the Sample collection
type in the Supporting Data
tab of the Indicator Template
or Indicator forms.
Advanced issue grouping functionality This property is used to
enable advanced issue
grouping functionalities,
such as management
methods for issue grouping
and issue grouping within
workspaces. After you
enable this property the
following changes occur:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3890
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Similarity solution definition that would be used for prediction of issue assigned to. If this field is left blank or has an incorrect/non- existent Similarity solution definition name then the user would get an error on clicking the suggest icon next to the issue assigned to field. The user could have many existing similar solutions on their instance. This provides some amount of flexibility to select the appropriate solution definition name. |
| Default sample size of indicator templates and indicators. sn_grc.indicator.default.sample_size | The property is used to set the default sample size of indicator templates and indicators. |
| Max number of records to be processed by indicator supporting data collection job. sn_grc.max_supporting_data_records_to_process | The property is used to collect the configured number of records from the supporting data statistics table whenever the supporting data collection job runs. The default value is 500. |
| Supporting data limit for indicators with % based sampling. sn_grc.supporting_data_percentage_max_records_limit | The property is used to set an upper limit in collecting supporting data although you have set a percentage of records to be collected when you select Percentage as the Sample collection type in the Supporting Data tab of the Indicator Template or Indicator forms. |




<!-- Page 456 -->
Properties for GRC (continued)
Property Description
•All grouped issues in the
system will be updated
with the management
method set to Manage
child.
•Parent issues without
child issues will be
marked as standalone
issues.
•Confidential child issues
under non-confidential
parent issues will be
removed from the group
and marked as standalone
issues.
•Confidential parent issues
that are marked as non-
confidential will have their
confidential child issues
moved out of the group
and marked as standalone
issues.
•The default management
method for the issue auto-
grouping functionality will
be Manage child.
•When closing child issues,
the parent issue won’t be
closed automatically if the
management method is
Manage child.
•If the management
method is Manage
parent, fields such as
State, Response, and
Explanation will be non-
editable on child issues.
•If the management
method is Manage parent,
the State, Response,
and Explanation fields
are inherited by the child
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3891
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 457 -->
Properties for GRC (continued)
Property Description
issues from the parent
issue.
Note: If the
mandatory fields,
such as Assigned to
and Issue manager
fields are empty in
the child issues,
the child issues will
inherit those fields
from the parent
issue.
Note: After you
enable this property,
you can't disable it.
Execute pending actions asynchronously post indicator run. If the property is set to
sn_grc.execute_indicator_next_actions_async True, then the two custom
queues are leveraged to
process indicators at a high
level. If the property is set
to False, then the indicator
processing is done by the
default queue processor.
Collect supporting data asynchronously for an indicator using If True, then the supporting
collection job. sn_grc.process_indicator_supporting_data_async data collection job collects
the supporting data
into the supporting data
statistics table. If False, then
the supporting data are
collected from the Default
queue. The supporting data
collection job isn’t leveraged
in this case.
Number of days after indicator task due date to send overdue This property is used to
notification. notify the users of the
number of days lapsed
since the due date.
Number of days before indicator task due date to send reminder The property is used to
notification. notify the users of the
upcoming due date for an
indicator task.
Composite Entity properties
Navigate to All > Composite Entities > Properties.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3892
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | issues from the parent issue. Note: If the mandatory fields, such as Assigned to and Issue manager fields are empty in the child issues, the child issues will inherit those fields from the parent issue. Note: After you enable this property, you can't disable it. |
| Execute pending actions asynchronously post indicator run. sn_grc.execute_indicator_next_actions_async | If the property is set to True, then the two custom queues are leveraged to process indicators at a high level. If the property is set to False, then the indicator processing is done by the default queue processor. |
| Collect supporting data asynchronously for an indicator using collection job. sn_grc.process_indicator_supporting_data_async | If True, then the supporting data collection job collects the supporting data into the supporting data statistics table. If False, then the supporting data are collected from the Default queue. The supporting data collection job isn’t leveraged in this case. |
| Number of days after indicator task due date to send overdue notification. | This property is used to notify the users of the number of days lapsed since the due date. |
| Number of days before indicator task due date to send reminder notification. | The property is used to notify the users of the upcoming due date for an indicator task. |

