# Submit a report anonymously from the Anonymous Reporting Center



<!-- Page 460 -->
•Remove HTML and embedded script or style content
•Restrict input to standard alphanumeric characters and basic punctuation
•Trim extra whitespaces
Sanitization reduces the risk of unsafe or malformed input.
Review process
All reports submitted through ARC are routed to the appropriate case management team
depending on the case type. The reporters appear as guests in the application workspace where
records are created. A case analyst validates the details, assesses the severity, and determines
the next steps for investigation.
Submit a report anonymously from the Anonymous Reporting Center
Use Submit a report anonymously on the Anonymous Reporting Center (ARC) landing page to
raise suspected compliance, privacy, or AI-related issues confidentially.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user
Note: This role is only required to access the Employee Center. No role is required to
submit a report directly through ARC.
About this task
ARC enables you to report suspected misconduct safely and confidentially, encouraging early
disclosure of issues that might otherwise go unreported. You can report a case anytime, without
sharing your name or contact details. Investigators only see the report details, not who submitted
it.
Note: When submitting an anonymous report, don't include personal data about yourself
or other individuals that could directly or indirectly reveal identity. For example, names,
email addresses, or phone numbers.
Anonymous reports accept standard text characters. Avoid including executable code, scripts, or
unsupported special characters, as they may be removed automatically during submission. For
more information, refer to Anonymous Reporting Center.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center landing page:
◦Navigate to the Risk and compliance tab for privacy and compliance cases.
◦Navigate to Help center > Technology services and then select AI assets from the
Technology services topics section for AI cases.
3. Select the Visit Anonymous Report Center card.
You’re automatically signed out of your employee account and redirected to ARC.
4.On the ARC landing page, select Submit a report anonymously.
Depending on the case type, you can choose to report a compliance case, privacy case, or an
AI case.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3895
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
