# Follow up on a report from the Anonymous Reporting Center



<!-- Page 461 -->
What to do next
•Report a compliance case anonymously
•Report a privacy case anonymously
•Report an AI case anonymously
Follow up on a report from the Anonymous Reporting Center
Check the status of your case on the Anonymous Reporting Center using the Report key and
Report number. You must download a copy of your anonymous report after submitting a case to
record these values.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.business_user
Note: This role is only required to access the Employee Center. No role is required to
submit a report directly through the Anonymous Reporting Center (ARC).
About this task
ARC enables you to report suspected misconduct safely and confidentially, encouraging early
disclosure of issues that might otherwise go unreported. You can follow up on your case anytime,
without sharing your name or contact details. Investigators only see the report details, not who
submitted it. For more information, refer to Anonymous Reporting Center.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center.
2. On the Employee Center landing page:
◦Navigate to the Risk and compliance tab for privacy and compliance cases.
◦Navigate to Help center > Technology services and then select AI assets from the
Technology services topics section for AI cases.
3. Select the Visit Anonymous Report Center card.
You’re automatically signed out of your employee account and redirected to the ARC landing
page.
4.On the Anonymous Reporting Center landing page, select Follow up on a report.
5. Enter the Report key, Report number, and the Text verification characters.
Note: If you can't find the Report key and Report number, you have to submit a new
case.
6.Select Next.
This opens your report, which hosts the case status and the history of your interactions with
the investigator. Your identity remains confidential throughout.
What to do next
Use the report to add new information or to respond to investigator comments.
Related topics
Report an AI case anonymously
Report a compliance case anonymously
Report a privacy case anonymously
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3896
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
