# Add a regulatory agency



<!-- Page 107 -->
Visit the ServiceNow Store website to view all the available apps and for information about
submitting requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released
apps, see the ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
3. Select Install.
4.In the Application installation dialog box, review the application dependencies.
If your application requires other applications, activate them first if they aren’t already installed.
Installing your application automatically installs the dependent applications if they aren’t
installed already.
5. If demo data is available and you want to load it, select Load demo data.
Some applications include demo data, which are sample records that describe application
features for common use cases. Load demo data when you first activate the application on a
development or test instance.
Note:
If you don’t select the Load demo data check box for a store application during
installation, demo data isn’t available to activate from the Application Manager later. For
information on how to activate or reactivate demo data after the initial installation, see the
Workaround to install demo data if application is already installed [KB0722909] article in
the knowledge base.
6.Select Install.
Add a regulatory agency
Add a regulatory agency in Compliance Workspace to identify the relevant regulatory authorities
that are responsible for overseeing the industries or sectors within each jurisdiction.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance_case_manager
About this task
As a case analyst, you can choose and add the regulatory agency that is related to a compliance
case. By default, all the regulatory agencies in the system are displayed. After you add the
regulatory agency, you must analyze which regulations have been violated and set their reporting
status. The reporting status helps you to determine if the regulation must be reported or not.
In the ServiceNow AI Platform, the regulatory agencies are captured in the Compliance library.
Adding the regulatory agencies to the Compliance library helps you to identify which regulations
have been breached or violated and prevents your organization from getting penalties or fines.
As a case analyst, you can choose and add the regulatory agency that is related to a compliance
case. By default, all the regulatory agencies in the system are displayed. After you add the
regulatory agency, you must analyze which regulations have been violated and set their reporting
status. The reporting status helps you to determine if the regulation must be reported or not.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Workspace > Lists > Regulatory information > Agencies.
2. Select New.
3. On the Create New Agency form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3542
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
