# Add a regulatory contact to an agency



<!-- Page 108 -->
For a description of the fields, see Create New Agency form.
4.Select Save.
Create New Agency form
Use the Create New Agency form in Compliance Workspace to create a regulatory agency. The
regulatory agency is a new record type that handles regulatory changes or compliance case
management.
Create New Agency form
For a description of the form field values, see the following table.
Create New Agency form
Field Description
Name Name of the regulatory agency.
Summary Brief summary of the regulatory agency.
Description Detailed description of the regulatory agency.
Acronym Acronym of the regulatory agency, if any.
Logo Logo of the regulatory agency.
Executive owner Executive owner of the regulatory agency.
Website link Website link on which the regulatory agency is
listed.
Additional details
Sector Sector for classifying the regulatory agency.
Establishment date Establishment date of the regulatory agency.
Type Type for classifying the regulatory agency.
Theme Theme of the regulatory agency.
Category Category of the regulatory agency such as
regulatory, legislative, assembly, or others. The
default value is Regulatory as you’re adding a
new regulatory alert.
Settings
Functional domain Functional domain of the regulatory agency.
Add a regulatory contact to an agency
Add a regulatory contact to a specific regulatory agency or within a jurisdiction in Compliance
Workspace. By mapping a regulatory contact to a specific agency, this contact is notified about
your case reporting, case audit, and case closures as they occur.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance_case_manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3543
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the regulatory agency. |
| Summary | Brief summary of the regulatory agency. |
| Description | Detailed description of the regulatory agency. |
| Acronym | Acronym of the regulatory agency, if any. |
| Logo | Logo of the regulatory agency. |
| Executive owner | Executive owner of the regulatory agency. |
| Website link | Website link on which the regulatory agency is listed. |
| Additional details |  |
| Sector | Sector for classifying the regulatory agency. |
| Establishment date | Establishment date of the regulatory agency. |
| Type | Type for classifying the regulatory agency. |
| Theme | Theme of the regulatory agency. |
| Category | Category of the regulatory agency such as regulatory, legislative, assembly, or others. The default value is Regulatory as you’re adding a new regulatory alert. |
| Settings |  |
| Functional domain | Functional domain of the regulatory agency. |

