# Add a jurisdiction to an agency



<!-- Page 109 -->
About this task
As a compliance_case_manager, you can map one contact or multiple contacts to a regulatory
agency. By default, all the regulatory contacts in the system are displayed. When you add a
regulatory contact, you must analyze which jurisdiction it belongs to.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Compliance Workspace > Lists > Regulatory information > Regulatory
contacts.
2. Select New.
3. On the Create New Regulatory Contact form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the fields, see Create New Regulatory Contact form.
4.Select Save.
Create New Regulatory Contact form
Use the Create New Regulatory Contact form in Compliance Workspace to create a regulatory
contact to either a regulatory agency or a jurisdiction.
Create New Regulatory Contact form
For a description of the form field values, see the following table.
Create New Regulatory Contact form
Field Description
Name Name of the regulatory contact.
Regulatory agency Regulatory agency to which you add the
regulatory contact.
Active Option to select if you want to make the
regulatory contact active.
User User name of the regulatory contact.
Email Email address of the regulatory contact.
Phone number Phone number of the regulatory contact.
Address Contact address of the regulatory contact.
Designation Designation of the regulatory contact.
Apply to global jurisdiction Contact that also applies to a global
jurisdiction.
Add a jurisdiction to an agency
Add a jurisdiction to a regulatory agency in Compliance Workspace to define the geographical
scope for regulatory applicability.
Before you begin
Role required: compliance_case_manager
About this task
As a compliance_case_manager, you can associate one or more jurisdictions with a regulatory
agency. This ensures that regulatory changes are correctly mapped to applicable regions.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3544
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the regulatory contact. |
| Regulatory agency | Regulatory agency to which you add the regulatory contact. |
| Active | Option to select if you want to make the regulatory contact active. |
| User | User name of the regulatory contact. |
| Email | Email address of the regulatory contact. |
| Phone number | Phone number of the regulatory contact. |
| Address | Contact address of the regulatory contact. |
| Designation | Designation of the regulatory contact. |
| Apply to global jurisdiction | Contact that also applies to a global jurisdiction. |

