# Recommendation contexts and templates



<!-- Page 111 -->
4.Select Compose Email.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
Email Draft form
Field Description
To Email ID of the recipient. You can add multiple
email IDs, separated by commas, in this field
to send an email to more than one recipient.
Subject Brief summary or title of your email.
Email message Body of your message that includes any
information, requests, or details that you want
to convey to the recipient. You can format the
text, add attachments, and include links in
this section.
Note: You can send emails to both
internal users and external stakeholders
who don't have access to your instance.
You must provide the basic record
details in the subject line or body of the
email to make them aware of the record
that you're referring to.
6.Optional: To add attachments, select Attach File.
7.Select Send Email.
The email has been sent to the recipient. You can view emails associated with the regulatory
agency record by navigating to the Emails tab of that record.
Recommendation contexts and templates
By using the Governance, Risk, and Compliance recommendations framework, you can use
recommendation contexts and templates to deliver AI-driven insights directly to your users
within the user interface. With these insights, your users can make informed decisions and take
prompt actions.
Recommendation context and template overview
Use the Governance, Risk, and Compliance Recommendation Template plugin (app-grc-reco-
template) so that you can capture, document, and submit the recommendations that your users
see in the interface.
A recommendation context refers to the information and conditions that shape your user's
preferences and needs. The recommendation framework provides a user with relevant
suggestions by adapting the recommendation to the user's situation.
With the Governance, Risk, and Compliance recommendation contexts framework, you can
create a recommendation context to define a configuration to build a template for recommending
relevant records. You can also create a recommendation template to train the AI models with a
data set for identifying your key business operations. Before you can create a recommendation
template, you must have a recommendation context.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3546
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| To | Email ID of the recipient. You can add multiple email IDs, separated by commas, in this field to send an email to more than one recipient. |
| Subject | Brief summary or title of your email. |
| Email message | Body of your message that includes any information, requests, or details that you want to convey to the recipient. You can format the text, add attachments, and include links in this section. Note: You can send emails to both internal users and external stakeholders who don't have access to your instance. You must provide the basic record details in the subject line or body of the email to make them aware of the record that you're referring to. |




<!-- Page 112 -->
For more information about creating a recommendation context, see Create a recommendation
context.
For more information about creating a recommendation template, see Create a recommendation
template.
GRC Administration menu
Users with the sn_reco_template.recommendation_config_reader role can read the
recommendation contexts from the GRC Administration menu while users with the
sn_reco_template.recommendation_config_writer can create or edit the recommendation
contexts.
Navigate to All > GRC Administration > Recommendation contexts to see the list of available
recommendation contexts. The Suggest business operations affected by
regulatory alert recommendation context (the base recommendation context) suggests
recommendations for the following for a regulatory alert:
•Citations
•Control objectives
•Controls
•Policies
For more information about the user roles that can access this menu item, see User roles for
recommendation contexts.
The following example shows the GRC Administration menu.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3547
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 113 -->
GRC Administration menu
You can select an item that fits the context to build a template for recommending relevant
records. You can use the existing configurations as is or update them. You can also select the
AI search type that matches a user's needs for recommending relevant items that are based
on the context and criteria. In addition, you can configure the relationship section that displays
the related items for each recommendation and specifies their titles. For more information, see
Create a recommendation template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3548
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
