# Extension points



<!-- Page 114 -->
Extension points
Recommendation contexts use extension points to extend the functionality of an application
without altering the original application code. Your developers can use pre-existing extension
points or can add extension points for custom applications. For more information about
extension points, see Extension points.
User roles for recommendation contexts
Users with different roles can read, create, or edit recommendation contexts for a regulatory alert.
User roles
User role Description
sn_reco_template.recommendation_config_readUesrers with this role can read the
recommendation configurations.
sn_reco_template.recommendation_config_writeUrsers with this role can create and edit the
recommendation configurations.
sn_reco_template.recommendation_reader Users with this role can read the
recommendation templates.
sn_reco_template.recommendation_writer User with this role can create and edit
recommendation templates.
Extension points
Use extension points to extend the functionality of an application without altering the original
application code. Recommendation contexts use extension points to enable additional
functionality while configuring the recommendation contexts or templates.
Extension points overview
As a developer, you can use pre-existing extension points or add extension points as
you develop custom applications in your instance. By using extension points in your
recommendation contexts, you can integrate customizations without altering the core
components in the application code. Extension points can avoid custom code interactions from
breaking, which often occurs after an upgrade if you directly embed the custom code into the
application code.
Extension points that are embedded in the application code act as out-points, where data
passes to the custom code, and as in-points that handle the returned results. When creating
an application, the returned data or objects must conform to the requirements that the
developers define for the extension point. For example, you can use the base extension point
RCM_Recommendation_ExtensionPoint to configure recommendation contexts or templates for
a regulatory alert.
Types of extension points
You can create extension points to process the custom code that uses the following types of
artifacts:
Scripted extension points
Extension points in the server-side script includes that store JavaScript functions
and object classes.
UI extension points
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3549
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| User role | Description |
| --- | --- |
| sn_reco_template.recommendation_config_rea | dUesrers with this role can read the recommendation configurations. |
| sn_reco_template.recommendation_config_writ | eUrsers with this role can create and edit the recommendation configurations. |
| sn_reco_template.recommendation_reader | Users with this role can read the recommendation templates. |
| sn_reco_template.recommendation_writer | User with this role can create and edit recommendation templates. |

