# Create a recommendation context



<!-- Page 115 -->
Extension points that are used in server-side UI macros such as HTML extensions.
Client extension points
Extension points that are used in client-side UI scripting, typically for modifying
forms.
For more information about extension points, see Using extension points to extend application
functionality .
Create a recommendation context
Create a recommendation context to define a configuration that builds a template for
recommending relevant records.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_reco_template.recommendation_writer or
sn_grc_comp_genai.reg_change_ai_user
About this task
For information about the roles required for the recommendation contexts, see User roles for
recommendation contexts.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC Administration > Recommendation contexts > New.
2. On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values, see form.
3. Select Submit.
Result
A new recommendation context is created. You can now create a recommendation template.
Recommendation context form
Use the recommendation context form to create a configuration.
Recommendation context form
Field Description
Name Name of the recommendation context. For
example, Suggest remediation tasks.
Applies to Table that the recommendation context
applies to. For example, Issue [sn_grc_issue].
Extension point Extension point for the configuration. For
information about extension points, see
Extension points.
Active Option to make the configuration active.
Heading title Title of the recommendation card. For
example, Remediation task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3550
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the recommendation context. For example, Suggest remediation tasks. |
| Applies to | Table that the recommendation context applies to. For example, Issue [sn_grc_issue]. |
| Extension point | Extension point for the configuration. For information about extension points, see Extension points. |
| Active | Option to make the configuration active. |
| Heading title | Title of the recommendation card. For example, Remediation task. |

