# GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence



<!-- Page 144 -->
•Issues by profile
•Issues by Owner
•Pending Issues by Entity
Audit Overview
Issue Overview
Governance, Risk, and Compliance integrations®
Integrations enhance the ServiceNow GRC product offering, providing users the ability to
integrate with third-party applications.
Use the following documentation for the installation, verification, and reporting features of the
GRC integrations on the ServiceNow Store.
Unless otherwise noted, each integration requires that you have the ServiceNow GRC products
installed and activated on your instance.
GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence®
The ServiceNow Regulatory Change Management application helps you to gather, monitor, and
analyze regulatory data and track developments in a complex regulatory environment.
Benefits of integrating with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence®
Use the ServiceNow GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application
to integrate with the Thomson Reuters platform and to consume the Thomson Reuters Regulatory
Intelligence (TRRI) feeds into your ServiceNow instance.
This integration helps you gather, monitor, and analyze regulatory data in a rapidly changing and
complex regulatory environment. It enables you to efficiently manage and mitigate risks. GRC
integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence involves an additional licensing cost.
Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence Integration (TRRI) delivers regulatory feeds that
include various regulatory changes. The Regulatory Change Management application transforms
and maps the feeds. The Regulatory Change Management application provides the information
in regulatory feed tables.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3579
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 145 -->
With the Thomson Reuters guided setup, you can do the following:
•Receive regulatory feeds from the Thomson Reuters platform that are relevant to your
organization.
•Transform and map the regulatory taxonomy from the Thomson Reuters platform to your
internal regulatory taxonomy.
•Load the transformed data into your ServiceNow instance and manage regulatory changes.
In the guided setup, you can do multiple tasks and subtasks:
•Create a Connection: Create a connection and validate it. The connection is required for
integration with the Thomson Reuters platform. Tasks in this step include the following:
◦Create Connection
◦Validate Connection
◦Submit OAuth Credentials
•Activate Integration Flows: Set up a schedule and activate the flows at different times. Run the
flows with a time gap, such as a gap of 12 hours between the flows. Tasks in this step include
the following:
◦Configure the flow that inserts feed files into the feed registry.
◦Configure the flow that moves processed feeds into the destination directory.
•Create an Internal Taxonomy: Create your taxonomy to categorize and classify the regulatory
content. An internal taxonomy can be a multi-hierarchical structure.
•Map an External Taxonomy to an Internal Taxonomy: Map the source taxonomy from the
Thomson Reuters platform with the internal taxonomy that you have created.
When setting up the integration, you go through the following stages:
1.Configure feed settings: Configure and set up the feed content, delivery settings, and delivery
location in the Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence (TRRI) feeds platform. The delivery
location is where the feeds are delivered.
2. Set up a MID Server: The Thomson Reuters platform sends the regulatory feed files to the
SFTP server that's configured on the Thomson Reuters portal. An administrator should set up
a MID Server with SSH capabilities for the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory
Intelligence application.
The MID Server ingests the feed file data from the SFTP server into the ServiceNow instance.
The MID Server runs as a Windows service or as a UNIX daemon to facilitate communication
between an instance and the external applications.
3. Set up SFTP connection: The Thomson Reuters platform deposits the regulatory feed files
at an SFTP location that is configured in the Thomson Reuters platform portal. Create an
SFTP connection and import the feed files into your ServiceNow instance. To learn more, see
Establish an SFTP or REST API connection.
Import sets enable administrators to import data from various data sources, and then map that
data into ServiceNow tables.
Bringing series data from Thomson Reuters into the Regulatory Change
Management application
The Documents in Series related list enables you to track the development of a regulatory
change from the proposed stage to the final stage. You can see related events in a single place.
In the Regulatory Feed form, the series name, and the regulatory events that are part of the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3580
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 146 -->
Thomson Reuters series are displayed. You can view the Thomson Reuters series data in the
Series Data section in the Regulatory Feed form. The series name and the sequence number of
the feed are displayed under the Series Data section in the Regulatory Feed form. This section
helps you to get more context on the regulatory events and to make decisions regarding the
applicability of the events.
The Regulatory Feed table appears in the Series Data section in the Regulatory Feed form. The
following new columns are added to the Regulatory Feed table for the Thomson Reuters series
data:
•Series Name: Displays the series name of the regulatory event.
•Sequence Number: Displays the sequence number of the regulatory event.
•Series ID: Displays the series identification number of the regulatory event. You can select the
series ID from the list view. The series ID is then displayed.
The Documents in Series related list is part of the regulatory feed form. It displays the following
details on the feed:
•Number: The number of the regulatory feed as received from Thomson Reuters. For example,
REG0001023.
•Title: The title of the regulatory feed as received from Thomson Reuters. For example,
CFPB-2019-0021 Home Mortgage Disclosure (Regulation C).
•Sequence Number: The sequence number of the regulatory feed as received from Thomson
Reuters. For example, sequence number 7. If you have all the data, then the prior six events are
displayed in the related list and the seventh event in the series is displayed.
Note: The Series Data section and the Documents in Series related list are displayed in
the Regulatory Feed form only if the feed type is regulatory event and the source of the
regulatory feed is Thomson Reuters.
The regulatory data that is received from the Thomson Reuters platform is processed and
brought into the staging tables in a ServiceNow instance.
Actions to automate the integration tasks
The GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application provides the
following actions to automate the Thomson Reuters integration tasks:
•Get the related source documents for the regulatory events.
•Get the Thomson Reuters platform to feed file names from the SFTP source path.
•Move the files processed by the Thomson Reuters platform to the destination path.
•Trigger the scheduled import job in the Thomson Reuters platform after getting the file names
from the SFTP server.
•Validate the path and credentials for the new SFTP connection.
The instructions for automation are covered in detail in the guided setup files that are sent with
the software.
Install the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application
Install the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application
(com.sn_grc_int_tr). The application includes demo data. It installs related ServiceNow Store
applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3581
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 147 -->
Before you begin
•Ensure that the application and all of its associated ServiceNow Store applications have valid
ServiceNow entitlements. For more information, see Get entitlement for a ServiceNow product
or application .®
The GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence requires the ServiceNow
Regulatory Change Management application from the ServiceNow Store. Ensure that this
application is installed before you install the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory
Intelligence application.
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
About this task
The following items are installed with the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory
Intelligence application:
•Store applications
•Scheduled jobs
•Tables
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application
(com.sn_grc_int_tr) by using the filter criteria and search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you cannot find the application, then
you might have to request it from the ServiceNow Store.
Visit the ServiceNow Store to view all the available apps, and for information about submitting
requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps, see the
ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
3. In the Application installation dialog box, review the application dependencies.
Dependent plugins and applications are listed if they will be installed, are currently installed,
or need to be installed. If any plugins or applications need to be installed, then you must install
them before you can install the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence
application.
4.Select Install.
Establish an SFTP or REST API connection
Establish an SFTP or REST API connection for the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters
Regulatory Intelligence application. You can create an SFTP or REST API connection with the
SFTP server by using the Connection & Credential aliases that are shipped with the Thomson
Reuters platform.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_reg_change.admin
About this task
Thomson Reuters deposits the regulatory feed files at the SFTP location that is configured in
Thomson Reuters portal. To import the feed files from the SFTP location into the ServiceNow
instance, you can create a connection with this SFTP server.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3582
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 148 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Regulatory Change Management > Thomson Reuters > Connection &
Credential Aliases.
The following two Connection & Credential aliases are shipped with the Thomson Reuters
platform:
◦The Thomson Reuters platform REST API
◦The Thomson Reuters platform SFTP
2. In either the Thomson Reuters platform REST API alias or the Thomson Reuters platform SFTP
alias, select the Create New Connection & Credential related link.
You can create a connection with either the REST alias or the SFTP alias, but not both. The
details to be provided in the SFTP alias and the REST alias are different from each other.
When you enter the details in the Create Connection & Credential alias form, a new connection
is created.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
◦If you selected the Create Connection & Credential SFTP alias form, then fill in the following
fields.
Create Connection & Credential SFTP alias form
Field Description
Connection information
Name Name of the SFTP connection.
Host Information about the SFTP server host.
Port Port number of the SFTP server.
Credential information
Name Credential name that is used to access the SFTP server.
User Name User name that is used to access the SFTP server.
Password Password that is used to access the SFTP server.
Post processing information
Source path Location of the directory that contains the regulatory feed files.
Destination Location of the directory where the successfully imported files are
path placed.
◦If you selected the Create Connection & Credential REST alias form, then fill in the following
fields.
Create Connection & Credential REST alias form
Field Description
Credential information
OAuth client ID Client ID of the application that is registered in the third-party OAuth
OIDC server.
OAuth client Client secret ID of the application that is registered in the third-party
secret OAuth OIDC server.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3583
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Connection information |  |
| Name | Name of the SFTP connection. |
| Host | Information about the SFTP server host. |
| Port | Port number of the SFTP server. |
| Credential information |  |
| Name | Credential name that is used to access the SFTP server. |
| User Name | User name that is used to access the SFTP server. |
| Password | Password that is used to access the SFTP server. |
| Post processing information |  |
| Source path | Location of the directory that contains the regulatory feed files. |
| Destination path | Location of the directory where the successfully imported files are placed. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Credential information |  |
| OAuth client ID | Client ID of the application that is registered in the third-party OAuth OIDC server. |
| OAuth client secret | Client secret ID of the application that is registered in the third-party OAuth OIDC server. |




<!-- Page 149 -->
4.Depending on your previous step, select either Create in the SFTP alias form or select Create
and Get OAuth Token in the REST alias form.
The File Connection Information record is created.
Result
When a new connection is established, a file connection information record is created in the
instance. After the file connection information record is created, you can no longer create more
file connection information records by selecting New in the Connections related list.
Modules in the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application
The GRC integration with Thomson Reuters Regulatory Intelligence application includes various
modules.
The following modules are displayed under the GRC integration with Thomson Reuters
Regulatory Intelligence application:
Modules in the application
Module Description
Thomson Reuters Guided Setup Instructions to configure and set up the application.
Connection & Credential Aliases Connection and credential aliases for SFTP and for
OAuth.
Connections File connection information record from the
Thomson Reuters platform. Click Validate to validate
the connection. In case you encounter any issues
in validating the connection, triage it using an
integration log.
If you do not want to use a connection, you can
move it to the Draft state by clicking Move to
draft. In the integration, the system uses only the
file connection information record that has the
Validated state.
OAuth Registry Entry Record of when the OAuth connection and
credential are created via the shipped connection
and credential alias.
OAuth Credentials Record of when the OAuth credentials are created.
Feed Registry Record for each of the feed files that are located in
the source directory of the SFTP location.
Integration Logs Integration logs with integration details. The log
contains errors that occurred in the integration
flows, such as, errors that were observed while
validating a connection.
Data source Data source that ingests the feed files from the
SFTP location and creates a record automatically in
the regulatory feed table.
Scheduled Import Scheduled import job that scans and searches for
the oldest entry in the feed registry.
Taxonomy XML Configuration Record that is shipped as part of the Thomson
Reuters platform. Contains the XPaths and
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3584
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Thomson Reuters Guided Setup | Instructions to configure and set up the application. |
| Connection & Credential Aliases | Connection and credential aliases for SFTP and for OAuth. |
| Connections | File connection information record from the Thomson Reuters platform. Click Validate to validate the connection. In case you encounter any issues in validating the connection, triage it using an integration log. If you do not want to use a connection, you can move it to the Draft state by clicking Move to draft. In the integration, the system uses only the file connection information record that has the Validated state. |
| OAuth Registry Entry | Record of when the OAuth connection and credential are created via the shipped connection and credential alias. |
| OAuth Credentials | Record of when the OAuth credentials are created. |
| Feed Registry | Record for each of the feed files that are located in the source directory of the SFTP location. |
| Integration Logs | Integration logs with integration details. The log contains errors that occurred in the integration flows, such as, errors that were observed while validating a connection. |
| Data source | Data source that ingests the feed files from the SFTP location and creates a record automatically in the regulatory feed table. |
| Scheduled Import | Scheduled import job that scans and searches for the oldest entry in the feed registry. |

