# GRC: integrations with third-party content



<!-- Page 150 -->
Modules in the application (continued)
Module Description
attributes that are required to parse the uploaded
Thomson Reuters platform taxonomy file in XML
format.
TR | Regulatory Bodies External Regulatory Bodies taxonomy records for
the Thomson Reuters platform.
TR | Content Types External Content Types taxonomy records for the
Thomson Reuters platform.
TR | Jurisdictions External Jurisdictions taxonomy records for the
Thomson Reuters platform.
TR | Themes External Themes taxonomy records for the
Thomson Reuters platform.
TR | Sectors View the external Sectors taxonomy records for the
Thomson Reuters platform.
Taxonomy Mapper Mapping of the Thomson Reuters platform
taxonomy to internal taxonomy.
The data that is accessed through the application modules is stored in the following tables:
Tables for storing application data
Table Field
sn_grc_reg_change_external_theme External Regulatory Theme
sn_grc_reg_change_external_regulatory_body External Regulatory Body
sn_grc_reg_change_external_sector External Regulatory Sector
sn_grc_reg_change_external_content_type External Regulatory Content Type
sn_grc_reg_change_external_jurisdiction External Regulatory Jurisdiction
sn_grc_reg_change_ theme Regulatory Theme
sn_grc_reg_change_ regulatory_body Regulatory Body
sn_grc_reg_change_sector Regulatory Sector
sn_grc_reg_change_ content_type Regulatory Content Type
sn_grc_reg_change_ jurisdiction Regulatory Jurisdiction
GRC: integrations with third-party content
The GRC: integrations with third-party content application helps you to standardize the content
integration process across various GRC applications by providing a common framework for your
content providers.
In Australia, you can use the GRC: integrations with third-party content application with the
GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application. The GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator
application provides the options that enable you to review, approve, and import the data into the
Policy and Compliance Management tables.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3585
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | attributes that are required to parse the uploaded Thomson Reuters platform taxonomy file in XML format. |
| TR | Regulatory Bodies | External Regulatory Bodies taxonomy records for the Thomson Reuters platform. |
| TR | Content Types | External Content Types taxonomy records for the Thomson Reuters platform. |
| TR | Jurisdictions | External Jurisdictions taxonomy records for the Thomson Reuters platform. |
| TR | Themes | External Themes taxonomy records for the Thomson Reuters platform. |
| TR | Sectors | View the external Sectors taxonomy records for the Thomson Reuters platform. |
| Taxonomy Mapper | Mapping of the Thomson Reuters platform taxonomy to internal taxonomy. |

| Table | Field |
| --- | --- |
| sn_grc_reg_change_external_theme | External Regulatory Theme |
| sn_grc_reg_change_external_regulatory_body | External Regulatory Body |
| sn_grc_reg_change_external_sector | External Regulatory Sector |
| sn_grc_reg_change_external_content_type | External Regulatory Content Type |
| sn_grc_reg_change_external_jurisdiction | External Regulatory Jurisdiction |
| sn_grc_reg_change_ theme | Regulatory Theme |
| sn_grc_reg_change_ regulatory_body | Regulatory Body |
| sn_grc_reg_change_sector | Regulatory Sector |
| sn_grc_reg_change_ content_type | Regulatory Content Type |
| sn_grc_reg_change_ jurisdiction | Regulatory Jurisdiction |




<!-- Page 151 -->
You can install the GRC: integrations with third-party content application separately from the
ServiceNow Store. When you download the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application
from the ServiceNow Store, the GRC: integrations with third-party content application is
downloaded automatically in your instance as shown in the following diagram.
GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application download structure
Note: The GRC: integrations with third-party content application is not visible in the
application navigator in an instance.
When the GRC: integrations with third-party content and GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator
applications are downloaded in your instance, a user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role can
execute the tasks that are related to the application workflow.
For more information on the user roles, see User roles for the integration process and Create a
user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role.
User roles for the integration process
You must assign the user roles that are required for the overall integration process that is
associated with the GRC: integrations with third-party content and GRC: Policy and Compliance
integrator applications.
You can assign the following roles with the GRC: integrations with third-party content and GRC:
Policy and Compliance integrator applications.
User roles
Role titles Description
sn_grc_cim.admin As a user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role,
you can access the APIs and the tables in
the GRC: integrations with third-party content
application.
sn_grc_cim.manager As a user with the sn_grc_cim.manager role,
you have read and write access to the tables
in the GRC: integrations with third-party
content application.
sn_compliance.manager The sn_compliance.manager role inherits
the sn_grc_cim.manager role. As a user with
the sn_compliance.manager role, you have
read and write access to the tables in the
GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
application.
sn_compliance.admin The sn_compliance.admin role inherits the
sn_grc_cim.admin role. As a user with the
sn_compliance.admin role, you can access
the tables in the GRC: Policy and Compliance
Management application.
Create a user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role
Create a user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role to perform the tasks that are related to the content
integration and import process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3586
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role titles | Description |
| --- | --- |
| sn_grc_cim.admin | As a user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role, you can access the APIs and the tables in the GRC: integrations with third-party content application. |
| sn_grc_cim.manager | As a user with the sn_grc_cim.manager role, you have read and write access to the tables in the GRC: integrations with third-party content application. |
| sn_compliance.manager | The sn_compliance.manager role inherits the sn_grc_cim.manager role. As a user with the sn_compliance.manager role, you have read and write access to the tables in the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application. |
| sn_compliance.admin | The sn_compliance.admin role inherits the sn_grc_cim.admin role. As a user with the sn_compliance.admin role, you can access the tables in the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application. |

