# Standardized Information Gathering (SIG) Questionnaire Integration



<!-- Page 152 -->
Before you begin
Note: Ensure that you have installed the GRC: integrations with third-party content
application in your instance. For more information, see GRC: integrations with third-party
content.
Role required: sn_grc_cim.admin, sn_compliance.admin
Procedure
1.Log in to an instance with the sn_compliance.admin role and assign the sn_grc_cim.admin role
to a user.
Note: The sn_compliance.manager role inherits the sn_grc_cim.manager role. Similarly,
the sn_compliance.admin role inherits the sn_grc_cim.admin role.
As a user with the sn_grc_cim.admin role, you can access all the APIs that are required to
insert the records into the GRC: integrations with third-party content application. As a user with
the sn_grc_cim.manager role, you have the write access to the tables of the GRC: integrations
with third-party content application.
2. Navigate to the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application in an instance to execute
the workflow.
For the next steps that you must do in the GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator application
workflow, see Workflow for GRC: Policy and Compliance integrator.
Standardized Information Gathering (SIG) Questionnaire Integration
The Shared Assessments Standardized Information Gathering Questionnaire (SIG) is used
to obtain required assessment documentation from a third party. The third party contact can
upload a pre-filled SIG spreadsheet or take a form-based questionnaire that gets imported to the
instance.
GRC: SIG Questionnaire Integration version 22.x.x has SIG templates for 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023,
2022, and 2021. If a vendor uploads a version prior to the 2021 SIG, all responses for matching
questions are imported and any responses for questions that don’t match are imported with
empty responses for the vendor to answer later.
Install the GRC: SIG Questionnaire Integration
The GRC: SIG Questionnaire Integration plugin installs the SIG questionnaire templates for use
with the GRC: Third-party Risk Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk.admin, admin
Complete the following setup checklist prior to installation. These setup tasks are required for a
smooth installation.
Setup task Description
Verify that the ServiceNow plugins are Activate the Third-party Risk Management
activated. (com.sn_vdr_risk_asmt) plugin.
To verify that this plugin is activated, navigate
to Subscription Management > Subscriptions
in your instance. The list displays the
subscriptions that your organization has
purchased.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3587
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Setup task | Description |
| --- | --- |

