# Governance, Risk, and Compliance use case accelerators



<!-- Page 153 -->
Setup task Description
For more information, see Configuring Third-
party Risk Management and the instructions
for activating an entitled GRC application®
from the ServiceNow Store: Activate an
entitled GRC ServiceNow Store application
and Download a GRC application from the
ServiceNow Store for the first time.
Procedure
1.Log in to the instance you want to install the application on.
2. Navigate to System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
A list of apps available for installation is displayed.
3. Locate the app, select it, and select Install.
The app installs GRC: Third-party Risk Management (com.sn_vdr_risk_asmt) plugin and GRC
SIG Questionnaire Integration (com.sn_sig_asmt) plugin.
Note: When uninstalling the app, select the check box to retain the profile types profiles
and indicators.
Verify the SIG Questionnaire Integration in Third-party Risk Management
After installing SIG Questionnaire Integration, verify that the SIG questionnaire templates are
available within the Third-party Risk Management application.
Before you begin
Role required: Third-party Risk Manager (sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager)
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Assessment Setup > Questionnaire
Templates.
2. Confirm the following questionnaires are available.
◦SIG Full 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
◦SIG Core 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
◦SIG Lite 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
Governance, Risk, and Compliance use case accelerators
Use case accelerators may include pre-defined scopes, specific policies, controls, risks, audit,
test plans, dashboards, and reports that provides customers an operational head-start when
adopting various regulations and frameworks.
Use the following documentation for the installation, verification, and reporting features of the
GRC use case accelerators on the ServiceNow Store.
Unless otherwise noted, each use case accelerator requires that you have the ServiceNow GRC
products installed and activated on your instance.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3588
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Setup task | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For more information, see Configuring Third- party Risk Management and the instructions for activating an entitled GRC application ® from the ServiceNow Store: Activate an entitled GRC ServiceNow Store application and Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first time. |

