# Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator



<!-- Page 154 -->
Cyber Risk Institute accelerator
The Cyber Risk Institute (CRI) is focused to collaborate with the financial sectors and
regulators to streamline standardization across risk management. For better cyber compliance
management, CRI provides a CRI Profile with the financial sector consensus.
The CRI framework profile aligns with NIST CSF v2.0. The CRI profile and assessments assist you
in implementing the CRI framework to enhance cyber compliance management. This framework
includes detailed diagnostic statements such as control objectives aligned with NIST CSF 2.0
that map to the financial services regulatory references such as financial services citations from
FFIEC CAT and others.
As part of the Cyber Risk Institute's (CRI) Accelerator, you can:
•Import a CRI profile containing relevant authority documents, citations, and control objectives
based on NIST CSF.
•Streamline the compliance process with automated tiering and selection of CRI assessments,
conducted using the smart assessment engine.
•Create controls automatically based on tier and generate a compliance score from the CRI
assessment responses, which roll up to the entity level.
For more information, see:
•Perform CRI tiering questionnaire.
•Verify the NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator.
Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator
™
The Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator enables users to easily adopt the CIS Controls from
™
The Center for internet Security to enhance their overall security preparedness and cyber-
defense posture.
CIS Control adoption is further enhanced by targeting the leading cybersecurity methodologies
to the user's maturity and readiness level.
The Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator contains the CIS Controls version 7.1 authority document,
191 associated CIS citations, and 191 CIS control objectives that are related to the citations.
The Technology Controls Monitoring Accelerator application (com.sn_grc_infosec), which must
also be downloaded to use the Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator, includes 171 (26 basic)
predefined indicator templates that are mapped to the CIS Controls. These indicator templates
provide automated control validation and continuous monitoring.
™
Support for CIS Controls v8
™
Beginning with the Australia release, Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator supports CIS Controls
v8 authority documents, citations, and control objectives that are related to the citations.
Content for CSA CCM v4.0
Beginning with the Australia release, Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator supports the Cloud
Security Alliance Cloud Controls Matrix (CSA CCM v4.0) content such as Authority Document,
Citations, and Control Objectives.
Download the Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator
Before you run the GRC: Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator application in your instance, you
must download it from the ServiceNow Store.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3589
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 155 -->
Before you begin
Prior to running the Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator application, you must download and
activate the following GRC applications:
•GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
•GRC: Profiles
•GRC: Technology Controls Monitoring Accelerator
Role required: admin
Procedure
Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time.
Monitoring cybersecurity controls
After you have accessed the Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator, you can monitor the controls
using these modules.
Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator modules
Application/
Description
Module
CIS Controls
Authority The Authority Documents module provides a list of authority documents,
Documents including the CIS Controls v7.1 and v8 authority documents. The authority
documents include references to citations and control objectives.
The authority documents are stored in the Authority Document table
[sn_compliance_authority_document].
Citations The Citations module provides a list of citations contained in the CIS Controls
v7.1 and v8 authority document. Each citation can include one or more control
objectives and refers to:
•Content references
•Information objects
The citations are stored in the Citation table [sn_compliance_citation].
Control The Control Objectives module provides a list of control objectives associated
Objectives with the citations in the CIS Controls v7.1 and v8 authority document. Each control
objective can include one or more of the following items:
•Entity types
•Additional entities
•Policies
•Controls
•Indicator Templates
•Policy Exceptions
•Issues
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3590
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Application/ Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
| CIS Controls |  |
| Authority Documents | The Authority Documents module provides a list of authority documents, including the CIS Controls v7.1 and v8 authority documents. The authority documents include references to citations and control objectives. The authority documents are stored in the Authority Document table [sn_compliance_authority_document]. |
| Citations | The Citations module provides a list of citations contained in the CIS Controls v7.1 and v8 authority document. Each citation can include one or more control objectives and refers to: •Content references •Information objects The citations are stored in the Citation table [sn_compliance_citation]. |




<!-- Page 156 -->
Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator modules (continued)
Application/
Description
Module
•Risk statements
•Content references
The control objectives are stored in the Control Objective table
[sn_compliance_policy_statement]
Indicator The Indicator Templates module provides a list of predefined indicator templates
Templates that are mapped to the CIS Controls. The indicator templates automate control
validation and provide continuous monitoring.
Indicator Template Reference to Content [sn_grc_m2m_ind_temp_cont]
As previously mentioned, the Technology Controls Monitoring Accelerator application
(com.sn_grc_infosec) is a dependant application when you download the Cybersecurity Controls
Accelerator application. The Technology Controls Monitoring Accelerator application provides
predefined indicator templates that are mapped to the CIS Controls.
Note: Should you decide not to implement the Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator
application, you can still use the Technology Controls Monitoring Accelerator to validate
compliance with CIS and ISO 27002 via the Unified Compliance Framework (UCF) from the
Policy and Compliance Management application. For more information, see Technology
Controls Monitoring Accelerator.
UCF controls mapped to indicator templates
If you use the CIS or ISO authority documents imported from UCF, you can still manage
compliance activities using the 285 (171 CIS and 114 ISO) automatically monitored indicator
templates.
The 171 indicator templates are mapped to the 171 CIS control objectives provided with the
Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator application.
Note: the information in the 26 basic indicator templates is drawn from various
ServiceNow ITx applications, as shown in the following example.
Basic indicator templates for CIS Controls
CIS ITx Source
Description
Control applications
CIS Utilize an active discovery tool to identify devices connected to the Discovery
Control organization's network and update the hardware asset inventory.
1.1
CIS Utilize a passive discovery tool to identify devices connected to the Discovery
Control organization's network and automatically update the organization's
1.2 hardware asset inventory.
CIS Maintain an accurate and up-to-date inventory of all technology assets Discovery
Control with the potential to store or process information. This inventory shall
1.4 include all hardware assets, whether connected to the organization's
network or not.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3591
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Application/ Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Risk statements •Content references The control objectives are stored in the Control Objective table [sn_compliance_policy_statement] |
| Indicator Templates | The Indicator Templates module provides a list of predefined indicator templates that are mapped to the CIS Controls. The indicator templates automate control validation and provide continuous monitoring. Indicator Template Reference to Content [sn_grc_m2m_ind_temp_cont] |

| CIS Control | Description | ITx Source applications |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CIS Control 1.1 | Utilize an active discovery tool to identify devices connected to the organization's network and update the hardware asset inventory. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 1.2 | Utilize a passive discovery tool to identify devices connected to the organization's network and automatically update the organization's hardware asset inventory. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 1.4 | Maintain an accurate and up-to-date inventory of all technology assets with the potential to store or process information. This inventory shall include all hardware assets, whether connected to the organization's network or not. | Discovery |




<!-- Page 157 -->
Basic indicator templates for CIS Controls (continued)
CIS ITx Source
Description
Control applications
CIS Ensure that the hardware asset inventory records the network address, Discovery
Control hardware address, machine name, data asset owner, and department
1.5 for each asset and whether the hardware asset has been approved to
connect to the network.
CIS Ensure that unauthorized assets are either removed from the network, Discovery
Control quarantined, or the inventory is updated in a timely manner.
1.6
CIS Utilize port level access control, following 802.1x standards, to control Discovery
Control which devices can authenticate to the network. The authentication
1.7 system shall be tied into the hardware asset inventory data to ensure
only authorized devices can connect to the network.
CIS Use client certificates to authenticate hardware assets connecting to Discovery
Control the organization's trusted network.
1.8
CIS Maintain an up-to-date list of all authorized software that is required in Software
Control the enterprise for any business purpose on any business system. Asset
2.1 Management
CIS Ensure that only software applications or operating systems currently Software
Control supported by the software's vendor are added to the organization's Asset
2.2 authorized software inventory. Unsupported software should be tagged Management
as unsupported in the inventory system.
CIS Utilize software inventory tools throughout the organization to automate Software
Control the documentation of all software on business systems. Asset
2.3 Management
CIS The software inventory system should track the name, version, Software
Control publisher, and installation date for all software, including operating Asset
2.4 systems authorized by the organization. Management
CIS The software inventory system should be tied into the hardware asset CMDB
Control inventory so all devices and associated software are tracked from a
2.5 single location.
CIS Utilize an up-to-date SCAP-compliant vulnerability scanning tool Vulnerability
Control to automatically scan all systems on the network on a weekly or Response
3.1 more frequent basis to identify all potential vulnerabilities on the
organization's systems.
CIS Perform authenticated vulnerability scanning with agents running Vulnerability
Control locally on each system or with remote scanners that are configured Response
3.2 with elevated rights on the system being tested.
CIS Regularly compare the results from back-to-back vulnerability scans to Vulnerability
Control verify that vulnerabilities have been remediated in a timely manner. Response
3.6
CIS Utilize a risk-rating process to prioritize the remediation of discovered Vulnerability
Control vulnerabilities. Response
3.7
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3592
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| CIS Control | Description | ITx Source applications |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CIS Control 1.5 | Ensure that the hardware asset inventory records the network address, hardware address, machine name, data asset owner, and department for each asset and whether the hardware asset has been approved to connect to the network. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 1.6 | Ensure that unauthorized assets are either removed from the network, quarantined, or the inventory is updated in a timely manner. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 1.7 | Utilize port level access control, following 802.1x standards, to control which devices can authenticate to the network. The authentication system shall be tied into the hardware asset inventory data to ensure only authorized devices can connect to the network. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 1.8 | Use client certificates to authenticate hardware assets connecting to the organization's trusted network. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 2.1 | Maintain an up-to-date list of all authorized software that is required in the enterprise for any business purpose on any business system. | Software Asset Management |
| CIS Control 2.2 | Ensure that only software applications or operating systems currently supported by the software's vendor are added to the organization's authorized software inventory. Unsupported software should be tagged as unsupported in the inventory system. | Software Asset Management |
| CIS Control 2.3 | Utilize software inventory tools throughout the organization to automate the documentation of all software on business systems. | Software Asset Management |
| CIS Control 2.4 | The software inventory system should track the name, version, publisher, and installation date for all software, including operating systems authorized by the organization. | Software Asset Management |
| CIS Control 2.5 | The software inventory system should be tied into the hardware asset inventory so all devices and associated software are tracked from a single location. | CMDB |
| CIS Control 3.1 | Utilize an up-to-date SCAP-compliant vulnerability scanning tool to automatically scan all systems on the network on a weekly or more frequent basis to identify all potential vulnerabilities on the organization's systems. | Vulnerability Response |
| CIS Control 3.2 | Perform authenticated vulnerability scanning with agents running locally on each system or with remote scanners that are configured with elevated rights on the system being tested. | Vulnerability Response |
| CIS Control 3.6 | Regularly compare the results from back-to-back vulnerability scans to verify that vulnerabilities have been remediated in a timely manner. | Vulnerability Response |
| CIS Control 3.7 | Utilize a risk-rating process to prioritize the remediation of discovered vulnerabilities. | Vulnerability Response |




<!-- Page 158 -->
Basic indicator templates for CIS Controls (continued)
CIS ITx Source
Description
Control applications
CIS Maintain an inventory of authorized wireless access points connected CMDB
Control to the wired network.
15.1
CIS Maintain an inventory of each of the organization's authentication CMDB
Control systems, including those located onsite or at a remote service provider.
16.1
CIS Use only standardized and extensively reviewed encryption algorithms. Discovery
Control
18.5
CIS Establish a process to accept and address reports of software Vulnerability
Control vulnerabilities, including providing a means for external entities to Response
18.8 contact your security group.
CIS Ensure that there are written incident response plans that defines roles Security
Control of personnel as well as phases of incident handling/management. Incident
19.1 Response
CIS Assign job titles and duties for handling computer and network Security
Control incidents to specific individuals and ensure tracking and Incident
19.2 documentation throughout the incident through resolution. Response
CIS Designate management personnel, as well as backups, who will Security
Control support the incident handling process by acting in key decision- Incident
19.3 making roles. Response
CIS Devise organization-wide standards for the time required for system Security
Control administrators and other workforce members to report anomalous Incident
19.4 events to the incident handling team, the mechanisms for such Response
reporting, and the kind of information that should be included in the
incident notification.
CIS Publish information for all workforce members, regarding reporting Security
Control computer anomalies and incidents to the incident handling team. Incident
19.6 Such information should be included in routine employee awareness Response
activities.
CIS Create an incident scoring and prioritization schema based on Security
Control known or potential impact to your organization. Utilize score to define Incident
19.8 frequency of status updates and escalation procedures. Response
Control objectives that are downloaded from UCF have UCF as the source, as shown below.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3593
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| CIS Control | Description | ITx Source applications |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CIS Control 15.1 | Maintain an inventory of authorized wireless access points connected to the wired network. | CMDB |
| CIS Control 16.1 | Maintain an inventory of each of the organization's authentication systems, including those located onsite or at a remote service provider. | CMDB |
| CIS Control 18.5 | Use only standardized and extensively reviewed encryption algorithms. | Discovery |
| CIS Control 18.8 | Establish a process to accept and address reports of software vulnerabilities, including providing a means for external entities to contact your security group. | Vulnerability Response |
| CIS Control 19.1 | Ensure that there are written incident response plans that defines roles of personnel as well as phases of incident handling/management. | Security Incident Response |
| CIS Control 19.2 | Assign job titles and duties for handling computer and network incidents to specific individuals and ensure tracking and documentation throughout the incident through resolution. | Security Incident Response |
| CIS Control 19.3 | Designate management personnel, as well as backups, who will support the incident handling process by acting in key decision- making roles. | Security Incident Response |
| CIS Control 19.4 | Devise organization-wide standards for the time required for system administrators and other workforce members to report anomalous events to the incident handling team, the mechanisms for such reporting, and the kind of information that should be included in the incident notification. | Security Incident Response |
| CIS Control 19.6 | Publish information for all workforce members, regarding reporting computer anomalies and incidents to the incident handling team. Such information should be included in routine employee awareness activities. | Security Incident Response |
| CIS Control 19.8 | Create an incident scoring and prioritization schema based on known or potential impact to your organization. Utilize score to define frequency of status updates and escalation procedures. | Security Incident Response |




<!-- Page 159 -->
UCF control objective
If you click the Citations related list, you can see that two citations are present: one obtained
from CIS and one from ISO 27001 authority documents from UCF.
Citations included in UCF control objective
These citations allow you to use the CIS controls downloaded from UCF, instead of the CIS
Controls included with the Cybersecurity Controls Accelerator application while still associating
the controls with the indicator templates provided.
If you want to associate this UCF control objective to similar indicator templates, you can click the
Indicator Templates related list and then click the Suggested button.
Indicator Templates related list
A list of indicator templates that may apply to the selected control objective are shown.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3594
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
