# Financial Services Control accelerator



<!-- Page 160 -->
Suggested indicator templates
Select the indicator templates you want to map to the UCF control objective and click Add.
Mapping an indicator template to a UCF control objective
Financial Services Control accelerator
The Financial Services Control Accelerator gives customers an operational head-start when
adopting the Financial Services Control. When the accelerator is downloaded and activated in
the GRC applications, pre-configured authority documents, citations, and control objectives.
Content for Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC)
Beginning with the Zurich release, Financial Services Control Accelerator supports the FFIEC
content such as Authority Document, Citations, and Control Objectives for:
•FFIEC Architecture, Infrastructure, and Operations (AIO) IT Examination Handbook
•FFIEC Business Continuity Management (BCM) IT Examination Handbook
•FFIEC Development, Acquisition, and Maintenance (DAM) IT Examination Handbook.
Content for New York State Department Of Financial Services (NYDFS)
Beginning with the Zurich release, Financial Services Control Accelerator supports the New York
State Department Of Financial Services (NYDFS) Second Amendment to 23 NYCRR 500 content
such as Authority Document, Citations, and Control Objectives.
This accelerator also includes mapping of FFIEC and NYDFS control objectives and citations to
CRI citations and control objectives. For more information, see Cyber Risk Institute accelerator.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3595
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
