# NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator



<!-- Page 161 -->
Prior to running the Financial Services Control Accelerator application, you must download and
activate the following GRC applications:
•GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
•GRC: Profiles
Note: Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store
for the first time.
Financial Services Control Accelerator controls
After you have accessed the Financial Services Control Accelerator, you can access the data for
different regulators using these modules.
Financial Services Control Accelerator modules
Application/Module Description
Authority Documents
The Authority Documents module provides
a list of authority documents, including the
FFIEC and NYDFS authority documents. The
authority documents include references to
citations and control objectives.
The authority documents are stored
in the Authority Document table
[sn_compliance_authority_document].
Citations
The Citations module provides a list of
citations contained in the FFIEC and NYDFS
authority document. Each citation can include
Content references.
The citations are stored in the Citation table
[sn_compliance_citation].
Control Objectives
The Control Objectives module provides a
list of control objectives associated with the
citations in the FFIEC and NYDFS authority
document. Each control objective can include
one or more content references.
The control objectives are stored
in the Control Objective table
[sn_compliance_policy_statement].
NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator
The NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator gives customers an operational head-start when adopting
the NIST CSF. When the accelerator is downloaded and activated in the GRC applications, pre-
configured policies, scopes (profiles, profile type recommendations), indicators, risks, and other
GRC elements appear.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3596
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Application/Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Authority Documents | The Authority Documents module provides a list of authority documents, including the FFIEC and NYDFS authority documents. The authority documents include references to citations and control objectives. The authority documents are stored in the Authority Document table [sn_compliance_authority_document]. |
| Citations | The Citations module provides a list of citations contained in the FFIEC and NYDFS authority document. Each citation can include Content references. The citations are stored in the Citation table [sn_compliance_citation]. |
| Control Objectives | The Control Objectives module provides a list of control objectives associated with the citations in the FFIEC and NYDFS authority document. Each control objective can include one or more content references. The control objectives are stored in the Control Objective table [sn_compliance_policy_statement]. |




<!-- Page 162 -->
Who uses the NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator
Persona Description
Risk executive Ensures that risks are identified and managed
consistently across the organization.
Defined access to the following sections:
•NIST CSF > Overview
•NIST CSF > Framework Core
•NIST CSF > Framework Profiling
•NIST CSF > Content
Security officer Addresses gaps, non-compliant controls,
risks, issues, failed indicators, and action
plans for the organizations cybersecurity.
Defined access to the following sections:
•NIST CSF > Framework Core
•NIST CSF > Framework Profiling
Control provider Helps build a library of cybersecurity controls
for the organization.
Defined access to the following sections:
•NIST CSF > Framework Core
•NIST CSF > Content
Sys admin
Access to the following sections: NIST CSF >
Administration
GRC admin
Access to the following sections: NIST CSF >
Administration
Install the NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator
The NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) Use Case Accelerator is used with the GRC core
applications: Policy and Compliance Management, Risk Management, and Audit Management
applications.
Before you begin
Role required: none. Complete the following setup checklist prior to installation. These setup
tasks are required for a smooth installation.
Setup task Description
Verify that the following applications have
been installed: To verify that these applications are activated,
navigate to Subscription Management >
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3597
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Persona | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Risk executive | Ensures that risks are identified and managed consistently across the organization. Defined access to the following sections: •NIST CSF > Overview •NIST CSF > Framework Core •NIST CSF > Framework Profiling •NIST CSF > Content |
| Security officer | Addresses gaps, non-compliant controls, risks, issues, failed indicators, and action plans for the organizations cybersecurity. Defined access to the following sections: •NIST CSF > Framework Core •NIST CSF > Framework Profiling |
| Control provider | Helps build a library of cybersecurity controls for the organization. Defined access to the following sections: •NIST CSF > Framework Core •NIST CSF > Content |
| Sys admin | Access to the following sections: NIST CSF > Administration |
| GRC admin | Access to the following sections: NIST CSF > Administration |

| Setup task | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 163 -->
Setup task Description
Subscriptions in your instance. The list
•Policy and Compliance Management
displays the subscriptions your organization
•Risk Management has purchased.
•Audit Management
Verify that you have the required roles.
The System Admin (admin) assigns the
following roles:
•Policy and Compliance Management roles
◦Attestation Creator
(sn_compliance.attestation_creator)
◦Compliance Administrator
(sn_compliance.admin)
◦Compliance Developer
(sn_compliance.developer)
◦Compliance Manager
(sn_compliance.manager)
◦Compliance Reader
(sn_compliance.reader)
◦Compliance User (sn_compliance.user)
•Risk Management roles
◦Risk Admin (sn.risk.admin)
◦Risk Reader (sn.risk.reader)
◦Risk Manager (sn.risk.manager)
◦Risk User (sn.risk.reader)
•Audit Management roles
◦Audit Admin (sn_audit.admin)
◦Audit Developer (sn_audit.developer)
◦Audit Manager (sn_audit.manager)
◦Audit User (sn_audit.user)
◦External Auditor
(sn_audit.external_auditor)
Procedure
1.Log in to the instance you want to install the application on.
2. Navigate to System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
3. Locate the GRC: NIST CSF Accelerator application.
4.If you want to load demo data, select the Demo Data check box.
5. Click Install.
Verify the NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator
After installing the GRC: NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) Use Case Accelerator, review the
NIST CSF application structure, core content, and demo data, if selected during installation.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3598
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Setup task | Description |
| --- | --- |
| •Policy and Compliance Management •Risk Management •Audit Management | Subscriptions in your instance. The list displays the subscriptions your organization has purchased. |
| Verify that you have the required roles. | The System Admin (admin) assigns the following roles: •Policy and Compliance Management roles ◦Attestation Creator (sn_compliance.attestation_creator) ◦Compliance Administrator (sn_compliance.admin) ◦Compliance Developer (sn_compliance.developer) ◦Compliance Manager (sn_compliance.manager) ◦Compliance Reader (sn_compliance.reader) ◦Compliance User (sn_compliance.user) •Risk Management roles ◦Risk Admin (sn.risk.admin) ◦Risk Reader (sn.risk.reader) ◦Risk Manager (sn.risk.manager) ◦Risk User (sn.risk.reader) •Audit Management roles ◦Audit Admin (sn_audit.admin) ◦Audit Developer (sn_audit.developer) ◦Audit Manager (sn_audit.manager) ◦Audit User (sn_audit.user) ◦External Auditor (sn_audit.external_auditor) |




<!-- Page 164 -->
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > User Administration > Roles and review the roles installed with the NIST CSF
application.
These roles contain nist_csf in their names; for example, sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer. The
roles are associated with NIST CSF application modules to provide access based on the user's
role.
Note: The basic NIST CSF user role is needed to access the application. This role®
contains the reader or user roles from the ServiceNow GRC suite of applications.
2. In the Application Navigator, type NIST CSF, and verify the application core content.
Navigate to Verify
NIST CSF > Content > Authority Documents
Review the Authority Documents installed for
NIST CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Citations
Review the Citations installed for NIST CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Control Objectives
Review the Control objectives installed for
NIST CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Risk Statements
Review the Risk Frameworks and Risk
Statements installed for NIST CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Test Templates
Review the Test Templates installed for NIST
CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Indicator Templates
Review the Indicator Templates installed for
NIST CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Attestation Types
Review the Control Attestation Types
installed for NIST CSF.
NIST CSF > Content > Assessment Types
Review the Risk Assessment Types installed
for NIST CSF.
3. Validate the application demo content, if loaded.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3599
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Navigate to | Verify |
| --- | --- |
| NIST CSF > Content > Authority Documents | Review the Authority Documents installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Citations | Review the Citations installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Control Objectives | Review the Control objectives installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Risk Statements | Review the Risk Frameworks and Risk Statements installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Test Templates | Review the Test Templates installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Indicator Templates | Review the Indicator Templates installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Attestation Types | Review the Control Attestation Types installed for NIST CSF. |
| NIST CSF > Content > Assessment Types | Review the Risk Assessment Types installed for NIST CSF. |




<!-- Page 165 -->
Navigate to Verify
NIST CSF > Orient Targets
Review the sample Targets installed in the
system for use with the NIST CSF application.
User Administration > Users
Review the sample Persona users installed
in the system for use with the NIST CSF
application. The User IDs for these users end
with .CSF and their name contains CSF.
Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile Perform a search for profile classes with the
Classes Name field containing with NIST. Review
their relationships by reviewing their roll up to
field in respective profile classes.
Policy and Compliance > Scoping > entity Perform a search for entity types with the
types Name field starting with NIST CSF.
Policy and Compliance > Policies and Perform a search for all controls referencing
Procedures > All Controls Control Objectives with a Source = NIST
CSF.
Risk > Risk Register > All Risks Perform a search for all risks referencing Risk
Statements with a Source = NIST CSF.
Audit > Audit Testing > Test Plans Perform a search for test plans with Test
Templates that begin with NIST CSF.
Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Perform a search for all indicators where
Indicators Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF.
Risk > Indicators > Indicators Perform a search for all indicators where
Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF.
Policy and Compliance > Issues > All Issues Perform a search for all issues
whereItem.Content.Source = NIST CSF.
Risk > Issues > All Issues Perform a search for all issues where
Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF.
Policy and Compliance > Remediation Tasks Perform a search for all Remediation tasks
> All Open Remediation Tasks where an issue identified on the remediation
task hasItem.Content.Source = NIST CSF.
Risk > Remediation Tasks > All Open Perform a search for all Remediation tasks
Remediation Tasks where an issue identified on the remediation
task has Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF.
NIST CSF supporting concepts
Familiarize yourself with these concepts, developed from the NIST CSF guidance.
Concept Description
Target The target is the foundation of the NIST
Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) Use Case
Accelerator and all related concepts.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3600
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Navigate to | Verify |
| --- | --- |
| NIST CSF > Orient Targets | Review the sample Targets installed in the system for use with the NIST CSF application. |
| User Administration > Users | Review the sample Persona users installed in the system for use with the NIST CSF application. The User IDs for these users end with .CSF and their name contains CSF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile Classes | Perform a search for profile classes with the Name field containing with NIST. Review their relationships by reviewing their roll up to field in respective profile classes. |
| Policy and Compliance > Scoping > entity types | Perform a search for entity types with the Name field starting with NIST CSF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > All Controls | Perform a search for all controls referencing Control Objectives with a Source = NIST CSF. |
| Risk > Risk Register > All Risks | Perform a search for all risks referencing Risk Statements with a Source = NIST CSF. |
| Audit > Audit Testing > Test Plans | Perform a search for test plans with Test Templates that begin with NIST CSF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicators | Perform a search for all indicators where Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF. |
| Risk > Indicators > Indicators | Perform a search for all indicators where Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Issues > All Issues | Perform a search for all issues whereItem.Content.Source = NIST CSF. |
| Risk > Issues > All Issues | Perform a search for all issues where Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Remediation Tasks > All Open Remediation Tasks | Perform a search for all Remediation tasks where an issue identified on the remediation task hasItem.Content.Source = NIST CSF. |
| Risk > Remediation Tasks > All Open Remediation Tasks | Perform a search for all Remediation tasks where an issue identified on the remediation task has Item.Content.Source = NIST CSF. |

| Concept | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 166 -->
Concept Description
The target is a shared table between the®
ServiceNow GRC products and several
Use Case Accelerators. They are similar
to the concept of entities in the core GRC
applications. They are optionally linked to
profiles, but are used for any attributes that are
specific to the Use Case Accelerators.
Critical infrastructure (or critical in NIST CSF Vital physical or virtual systems and assets
application usage) that have a serious impact on cybersecurity,
national economic security, and national
public health or safety.
Implementation tiers Helps an organization view cybersecurity risks
and the processes they use to manage those
risks.
Tiers are prioritized for achieving
cybereecurity objectives. With the NIST CSF
applications, organizations can evaluate
targets from the implementation tier view,
which uses the Tier attribute on Target table.
Cybersecurity activity Cybersecurity policies and requirements®
are found in the ServiceNow GRC Policy
and Compliance Management application.
The application provides guidelines for
understanding cybersecurity outcomes
that need to be achieved to strengthen
cybersecurity practices and enhance security
compliance.
These activities in the NIST CSF application
as are a combination of a Target, Function,
and Category. NIST CSF activities evaluate
cybersecurity requirements for Targets,
which provides detailed insights into gaps,
non-compliant controls, risks, issues, failed
indicators, and action plans and when they
are addressed. Also, they help organizations
strengthen their security compliance position.
Functions Functions organize basic cybersecurity
activities at their highest level. These
Functions are Identify, Protect, Detect,
Respond, Recover, and Govern. They help
an organization by organizing information,
enabling risk management decisions,
addressing threats, and learning from previous
activities to improve its management of
cybersecurity risk.
In NIST CSF, functions select relevant
cybersecurity outcomes for activities and
organize them.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3601
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Concept | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The target is a shared table between the ® ServiceNow GRC products and several Use Case Accelerators. They are similar to the concept of entities in the core GRC applications. They are optionally linked to profiles, but are used for any attributes that are specific to the Use Case Accelerators. |
| Critical infrastructure (or critical in NIST CSF application usage) | Vital physical or virtual systems and assets that have a serious impact on cybersecurity, national economic security, and national public health or safety. |
| Implementation tiers | Helps an organization view cybersecurity risks and the processes they use to manage those risks. Tiers are prioritized for achieving cybereecurity objectives. With the NIST CSF applications, organizations can evaluate targets from the implementation tier view, which uses the Tier attribute on Target table. |
| Cybersecurity activity | Cybersecurity policies and requirements ® are found in the ServiceNow GRC Policy and Compliance Management application. The application provides guidelines for understanding cybersecurity outcomes that need to be achieved to strengthen cybersecurity practices and enhance security compliance. These activities in the NIST CSF application as are a combination of a Target, Function, and Category. NIST CSF activities evaluate cybersecurity requirements for Targets, which provides detailed insights into gaps, non-compliant controls, risks, issues, failed indicators, and action plans and when they are addressed. Also, they help organizations strengthen their security compliance position. |
| Functions | Functions organize basic cybersecurity activities at their highest level. These Functions are Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, Recover, and Govern. They help an organization by organizing information, enabling risk management decisions, addressing threats, and learning from previous activities to improve its management of cybersecurity risk. In NIST CSF, functions select relevant cybersecurity outcomes for activities and organize them. |




<!-- Page 167 -->
Concept Description
Category Categories are the subdivisions of functions
that are broken into groups of cybersecurity
outcomes. Examples of categories include:
Asset Management, Identity Management and
Access Control, and Detection Processes.
Subcategories are used to divide a category
into specific outcomes of technical and
management activities. They provide a set of
results that can help support achievement of
the outcomes in each category. Examples of
subcategories include: External information
systems are cataloged, Data-at-rest is
protected, and Notifications from detection
systems are investigated.
The Framework Core identifies underlying
categories and subcategories for each
function as cybersecurity policies and
their details as policy statements. The NIST
CSF categories define the cybersecurity
activities for targets and uses the associated
subcategories to evaluate cybersecurity
requirements to provide additional insight.
Implementation state State of the cybersecurity activity, whether
implemented or planned for the future. It is
possible to document the implementation
state of a cybersecurity activity.
Gaps Control objectives of the cybersecurity policy
that do not have any controls in-place for the
target's profile identified in the cybersecurity
activity.
Non-compliant controls Cybersecurity controls that are considered
non-compliant because of implementation
issues and have been found for the target's
entity, which is identified in the cybersecurity
activity.
Risks Risks associated with the controls
implemented for the target's entity, which is
identified in the cybersecurity activity.
Issues Issues with controls and risks for the target's
entity, which are identified in the cybersecurity
activity.
Failed indicators Failed indicators of controls and risks
implemented for the target's entity, which is
identified in the cybersecurity activity.
Action plans Action plans for issues for the target's entity,
which are identified in the cybersecurity
activity.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3602
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Concept | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Category | Categories are the subdivisions of functions that are broken into groups of cybersecurity outcomes. Examples of categories include: Asset Management, Identity Management and Access Control, and Detection Processes. Subcategories are used to divide a category into specific outcomes of technical and management activities. They provide a set of results that can help support achievement of the outcomes in each category. Examples of subcategories include: External information systems are cataloged, Data-at-rest is protected, and Notifications from detection systems are investigated. The Framework Core identifies underlying categories and subcategories for each function as cybersecurity policies and their details as policy statements. The NIST CSF categories define the cybersecurity activities for targets and uses the associated subcategories to evaluate cybersecurity requirements to provide additional insight. |
| Implementation state | State of the cybersecurity activity, whether implemented or planned for the future. It is possible to document the implementation state of a cybersecurity activity. |
| Gaps | Control objectives of the cybersecurity policy that do not have any controls in-place for the target's profile identified in the cybersecurity activity. |
| Non-compliant controls | Cybersecurity controls that are considered non-compliant because of implementation issues and have been found for the target's entity, which is identified in the cybersecurity activity. |
| Risks | Risks associated with the controls implemented for the target's entity, which is identified in the cybersecurity activity. |
| Issues | Issues with controls and risks for the target's entity, which are identified in the cybersecurity activity. |
| Failed indicators | Failed indicators of controls and risks implemented for the target's entity, which is identified in the cybersecurity activity. |
| Action plans | Action plans for issues for the target's entity, which are identified in the cybersecurity activity. |




<!-- Page 168 -->
NIST CSF tables
A few tables are impacted by the NIST CSF guidance.
Table Purpose
Target [sn_grc_target] Target is a core table of design to be shared
component among the ServiceNow GRC
application and GRC use-case content
packs.Target is like entity in its purpose, but
is used to track any attributes specific to use-
case content packs. No two target records can
reference the same entity at any time.
NIST CSF Activity NIST CSF Activity table is used to track
[sn_irm_nist_csf_nist_csf_activity] cybersecurity activity relevant for a target. The
activity also helps in performing gap analysis
that identifies the gaps, non-complaint
controls, risks, issues, failed indicators and
action plans for a cybersecurity activity.
Gaps Gaps table in NIST CSF is used to track control
[sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_policy_state_nist_csf_acto]bjectives that aren’t yet implemented as
gaps. This table comes handy for reporting
and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that
associates Gaps to Targets.
Non-compliant Control Non-compliant Control table in NIST CSF is
[sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_cxontrols_nist_csf_act] used to track controls that are identified as
non-compliant. Only cybersecurity control
objectives as defined by the framework core
which are implemented as controls and non-
compliant are tracked. This table comes handy
for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an
m2m table that associates Non-compliant
Controls to Targets.
Risk Risk table in NIST CSF is used to track risks
[sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_risks_nist_csf_activities]that are associated with controls that have
been implemented for cybersecurity control
objectives as defined by the framework core.
This table comes handy for reporting and
drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that
associates Risks to Targets.
Issue Issue table in NIST CSF is used to track issues
[sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_issues_nist_csf_act] that are associated with controls that have
been implemented for cybersecurity control
objectives as defined by the framework core.
Issues of risks associated with these controls
are also included in the metric. This table
comes handy for reporting and drill down
purposes. It's an m2m table that associates
Issues to Targets.
Action Plan Action Plan table in NIST CSF is used to track
[sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_remediation_nist_csf_actt]he action plans that are identified for the
issues. This table comes handy for reporting
and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3603
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Target [sn_grc_target] | Target is a core table of design to be shared component among the ServiceNow GRC application and GRC use-case content packs.Target is like entity in its purpose, but is used to track any attributes specific to use- case content packs. No two target records can reference the same entity at any time. |
| NIST CSF Activity [sn_irm_nist_csf_nist_csf_activity] | NIST CSF Activity table is used to track cybersecurity activity relevant for a target. The activity also helps in performing gap analysis that identifies the gaps, non-complaint controls, risks, issues, failed indicators and action plans for a cybersecurity activity. |
| Gaps [sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_policy_state_nist_csf_ac | Gaps table in NIST CSF is used to track control to]bjectives that aren’t yet implemented as gaps. This table comes handy for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that associates Gaps to Targets. |
| Non-compliant Control [sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_cxontrols_nist_csf_act] | Non-compliant Control table in NIST CSF is used to track controls that are identified as non-compliant. Only cybersecurity control objectives as defined by the framework core which are implemented as controls and non- compliant are tracked. This table comes handy for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that associates Non-compliant Controls to Targets. |
| Risk [sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_risks_nist_csf_activities] | Risk table in NIST CSF is used to track risks that are associated with controls that have been implemented for cybersecurity control objectives as defined by the framework core. This table comes handy for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that associates Risks to Targets. |
| Issue [sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_issues_nist_csf_act] | Issue table in NIST CSF is used to track issues that are associated with controls that have been implemented for cybersecurity control objectives as defined by the framework core. Issues of risks associated with these controls are also included in the metric. This table comes handy for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that associates Issues to Targets. |




<!-- Page 169 -->
Table Purpose
associates Action Plans (remediation tasks) to
Targets.
Failed Indicators Failed indicators table in NIST CSF is used
[sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_indicators_nist_csf_act] to track the failed indicators of the target and
the control or risk. This table comes handy
for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an
m2m table that associates Failed Indicators to
Targets.
Related Control Objectives Related Control Objectives table in NIST CSF
[sn_compliance_m2m_policy_stmt_policy_stmt]is used to track the associations between
control objectives. In base implementation,
parent and child control objectives are
supported, but this table introduces a concept
to relate the control objectives at the same
level.
NIST CSF Use Case Accelerator dashboards and reports
The contains various reports. The NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) Use Case Accelerator
contains a variety of reports displayed on different dashboards, available within each of the
sections in the NIST CSF process:
Overview reports
Repots available under NIST CSF > Overview.
Reports Purpose
Framework Core Provides an overview of the Cybersecurity policies organized by the NIST
CSF functions.
Critical Targets Provides an overview of critical targets by entity class or tiers.
Critical Targets Provides an overview of critical targets that lack cybersecurity activities by
lacking entity class or tiers.
Cybersecurity
activities
Current Provides an overview of currently performed cybersecurity activities by
Cybersecurity entity class, entities, or cybersecurity functions.
activities
Desired Provides an overview of desired cybersecurity activities by entity class,
Cybersecurity entities, or cybersecurity functions.
activities
Gaps Analysis Provides a summary of gaps, non-compliant controls, risks, issues
Summary failed indicators, and action plans for targets grouped by cybersecurity,
cybersecurity functions, or the targets themselves.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3604
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
|  | associates Action Plans (remediation tasks) to Targets. |
| Failed Indicators [sn_irm_nist_csf_m2m_indicators_nist_csf_act] | Failed indicators table in NIST CSF is used to track the failed indicators of the target and the control or risk. This table comes handy for reporting and drill down purposes. It's an m2m table that associates Failed Indicators to Targets. |
| Related Control Objectives [sn_compliance_m2m_policy_stmt_policy_stmt] | Related Control Objectives table in NIST CSF is used to track the associations between control objectives. In base implementation, parent and child control objectives are supported, but this table introduces a concept to relate the control objectives at the same level. |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Framework Core | Provides an overview of the Cybersecurity policies organized by the NIST CSF functions. |
| Critical Targets | Provides an overview of critical targets by entity class or tiers. |
| Critical Targets lacking Cybersecurity activities | Provides an overview of critical targets that lack cybersecurity activities by entity class or tiers. |
| Current Cybersecurity activities | Provides an overview of currently performed cybersecurity activities by entity class, entities, or cybersecurity functions. |
| Desired Cybersecurity activities | Provides an overview of desired cybersecurity activities by entity class, entities, or cybersecurity functions. |
| Gaps Analysis Summary | Provides a summary of gaps, non-compliant controls, risks, issues failed indicators, and action plans for targets grouped by cybersecurity, cybersecurity functions, or the targets themselves. |




<!-- Page 170 -->
Framework profiling reports
Reports available under NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Overview.
Reports Purpose
Gaps Displays an overview of the gaps that exist for cybersecurity activities. Gaps are
grouped by policies, entity class, profiles, or functions.
Risks Displays an overview of risks that exist for cybersecurity activities. Risks are
grouped by policies, profile class, entities, or functions.
Non- Displays an overview of non-compliant controls that exist for cybersecurity
compliant activities. Non-compliant controls are grouped by policies, entity class, profiles, or
Controls functions.
Failed Displays an overview of failed indicators that for cybersecurity activities. Indicators
Indicators are grouped by policies, entity class, entities, or functions.
Issues Displays an overview of issues for cybersecurity activities. Issues are grouped by
policies, entity class, entities, or functions.
Action Displays an overview of action plans that exist for cybersecurity activities. Action
Plans plans are grouped by policies, entity class, entities, or functions.
NIST CSF process overview
The NIST CSF navigation structure facilitates the management of the NIST cybersecurity through
activities of identification and prioritization, as described in the NIST Framework for Improving
Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity version 1.1 and version 2.0 special publications.
NIST CSF process overview
1.The risk executives and/or the security officers identify categories and subcategories as
cybersecurity policies.
2. The risk executives and/or the security officers prioritize cybersecurity activities.
3. Monitor the NIST CSF Overview dashboard
Identify the framework core
Within the NIST CSF application, the Framework Core section is used to identify categories and
subcategories as cybersecurity policies and their statement policies.
The application uses categories to define cybersecurity activities for targets and uses
subcategories to evaluate cybersecurity requirements to provide additional details on
compliance.
With NIST CSF guidance, the application groups categories and subcategories into functions
and represent them as activities. The NIST CSF uses the following five modules to designate
individual functions:
•Identify
•Protect
•Detect
•Respond
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3605
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Gaps | Displays an overview of the gaps that exist for cybersecurity activities. Gaps are grouped by policies, entity class, profiles, or functions. |
| Risks | Displays an overview of risks that exist for cybersecurity activities. Risks are grouped by policies, profile class, entities, or functions. |
| Non- compliant Controls | Displays an overview of non-compliant controls that exist for cybersecurity activities. Non-compliant controls are grouped by policies, entity class, profiles, or functions. |
| Failed Indicators | Displays an overview of failed indicators that for cybersecurity activities. Indicators are grouped by policies, entity class, entities, or functions. |
| Issues | Displays an overview of issues for cybersecurity activities. Issues are grouped by policies, entity class, entities, or functions. |
| Action Plans | Displays an overview of action plans that exist for cybersecurity activities. Action plans are grouped by policies, entity class, entities, or functions. |




<!-- Page 171 -->
•Recover
•Govern
Each module points to a grouping of policy and control objectives that relates to that function.
Review the framework core
Review the Framework Core that's activated with the NIST CSF application.
Before you begin
Policy and Compliance Management Role required: admin
NIST CSF role required: sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST CSF > Framework Core and then select one of the following modules:
◦Identify
◦Protect
◦Detect
◦Respond
◦Recover
◦Govern
2. In the Policy to Control Objectives form, click on one of the policy statements to review the
information.
Note: Policy statements are grouped by policies based on NIST CSF guidelines.
3. If necessary, update the record with additional information.
4.Click Update.
Align and prioritize cybersecurity activities
Within the NIST CSF application, the Framework Profiling section is used to help an
organization to align and prioritize its cybersecurity activities with its requirements, risk
tolerances, and resources.
First, a target is created from a entity or entity type. The application flow begins at Orient Targets.
The user locates a target and sets it up for use with NIST CSF providing basic information. Next,
the user identifies if the target is critical and establishes a tier for the target per NIST guidelines.
Note: NIST recommends focusing on critical targets for prioritizing the Cybersecurity risks.
Next, users log their cybersecurity activities. The activities require users to identify targets,
functions, and categories that are associated with it.
Note: These activities are uniquely created to avoid creating duplicate activities for the
same targets.
As the activities are created, users then determine the implementation state of these activities.
Next, users perform gap analysis on the cybersecurity activities. The analysis gives a detailed
insight into the security position and evaluates the target for a specific cybersecurity activity.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3606
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 172 -->®
The ServiceNow GRC suite of applications play a crucial role in tracking the data that enables
these metrics. The NIST CSF application is designed to provide the Cybersecurity framework, but®
it is completely enabled by the ServiceNow GRC product.
Generate a target for an entity
Generate a target record for an entity to track NIST CSF attributes for that entity.
Before you begin
Role required: admin, sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Generate a target for an entry.
a.Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Scoping and select one of the following modules:
▪Entity Types
▪My Entities
▪All Entities
b.Select one of the records.
c.From the Entity form, click Generate target.
Note: When you click Generate target, it generates the target only if the entity has not
been used for other frameworks, such as GDPR DPIA.
d. Click Update.
2. Identify the target.
a.Navigate to NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Orient Targets.
b.Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
c.Confirm that the target appears in the list.
Set up target for NIST CSF framework
Set up a target record to use with NIST CSF framework after you've identified a target.
Before you begin
NIST CSF Role required: none. sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Orient Targets.
2. Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
3. Open the target record.
4.Click the Framework field and select NIST CSF.
5. Click Update.
6.In the Targets list, open the record again.
7.Verify the information in the Target form.
8.In the NIST CSF section, fill out the fields (see table for field descriptions).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3607
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 173 -->
Field Description
Critical Check box that indicates the target is focused on during cyber risks. NIST CSF
recommends that organizations prioritize cybersecurity activities for critical targets
Tier Tier for a target that describes its capability to address cyber risks.
9.Click the Activities related list and validate the activities that are associated with the target.
Orient target
After you've identified a target, orient the target to use with the NIST CSF framework.
Before you begin
Policy and Compliance Management Role required: admin.
NIST CSF role required: sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Orient Targets.
2. Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
3. Open the record.
4.Verify that the Framework field has NIST CSF selected.
5. Ensure that the NIST CSF form fields are accurate.
6.Click Update.
Create activity
Create a cybersecurity activity for a target.
Before you begin
Policy and Compliance Management Role required: admin
NIST CSF Role required: sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer or
sn_irm_nist_csf.control_provider
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Create Activity and create a new record
(see table for field descriptions).
NIST CSF Activity form
Field Description
Number Number that identifies the activity.
Target Name of the target that has the activity associated with it.
Function Type of function activities that are grouped in.
◦Identify
◦Protect
◦Detect
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3608
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Critical | Check box that indicates the target is focused on during cyber risks. NIST CSF recommends that organizations prioritize cybersecurity activities for critical targets |
| Tier | Tier for a target that describes its capability to address cyber risks. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Number that identifies the activity. |
| Target | Name of the target that has the activity associated with it. |




<!-- Page 174 -->
Field Description
◦Respond
◦Recover
◦Govern
Category Cybersecurity activity that is identified as a policy.
Implementation Status of the activity, whether it is being performed or a planned
state activity.
2. Click Submit.
Note: Every time a cybersecurity activity is created, the system validates the
combination of target, function, and category for uniqueness.
Perform gap analysis
Perform a Gap analysis of cybersecurity activities.
Before you begin
Policy and Compliance Management Role required: admin
NIST CSF sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer
About this task
Note: The Gap analysis process should not take more than a minute. A weekly job that
runs the gap analysis for users so the metrics are up-to-date.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Gap Analysis.
2. Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
3. Open the target record.
4.Click the Activities related list and select the activity.
5. Review the activity and click Gap Analysis to initiate the Gap analysis.
6.To view control objectives for the cybersecurity policy that do not have any controls in-place
for the target's profile, click the Gaps related list.
7.To view issues with cybersecurity controls that are non-compliant because of implementation
issues, click the Non-compliant controls related list.
8.To view Failed indicators of controls and risks for the target's profile, click the Failed Indicators
related list.
9.To view risks associated with controls for the target's profile, click the Risks related list.
10.To view issues related to the controls and risks for the target's profile, click the Issues related
list.
11. To view action plans for the target's profile, click the Action Plans related list.
12. Click Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3609
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Respond ◦Recover ◦Govern |
| Category | Cybersecurity activity that is identified as a policy. |
| Implementation state | Status of the activity, whether it is being performed or a planned activity. |

