# NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator



<!-- Page 175 -->
Review action plan
Review the remediation tasks created for the controls or risks associated with cybersecurity
activities. You can only edit or update action plans if you have sufficient privileges for the GRC
suite.
Before you begin
Policy and Compliance Management Role required: admin
NIST CSF role required: sn_irm_nist_csf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_csf.security_officer or
sn_irm_nist_csf.control_provider
About this task®
Action plans are typically created in the ServiceNow GRC product through the Policy and
Compliance Management, Risk Management, or Audit Management applications.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST CSF > Framework Profiling > Action Plan.
2. Search for an action plan using parameters, such as issue, control, or risk, that are associated
it.
3. Open the record.
4.Review the action plan.
NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator
The NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator gives customers an operational head-start when adopting
the NIST RMF. When the accelerator is downloaded and activated in the GRC applications, pre-
configured policies, scopes (profile, profile type recommendations), indicators, risks and other
GRC elements appear.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Who uses the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator
Persona Description
Risk
executive Ensures that risks are identified and managed consistently across the
organization.
Defined access to the following sections:
•NIST RMF > Overview
•NIST RMF > Categorize
•NIST RMF > Select
•NIST RMF > Implement
•NIST RMF > Assess
•NIST RMF > Authorize
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3610
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Persona | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 176 -->
Persona Description
•NIST RMF > Monitor
•NIST RMF > Content
Authorizing
officer Confirms that a target is operating within an acceptable level of risk.
Defined access to the following sections:
•All Modules in NIST RMF > Overview >
•NIST RMF > Authorize > Targets
•NIST RMF > Authorize > My Approvals
Security
officer Provides insight and understanding into the current security procedures and
capabilities for a target and implements the controls, managing issues, and
completing remediation tasks
Defined access to the following sections:
•NIST RMF > Categorize
•NIST RMF > Select > Targets
•NIST RMF > Implement
•NIST RMF > Assess > Overview
•NIST RMF > Assess > Control Attestations
•NIST RMF > Assess > Control Effectiveness
•NIST RMF > Assess > Remediation Tasks
•NIST RMF > Authorize
•NIST RMF > Monitor
Control
provider Assists in the creation and tailoring of security controls within the organization.
Defined access to the following sections:
•NIST RMF > Select > Review Baseline Controls
•NIST RMF > Select > Tailor Baseline Controls
•NIST RMF > Content
Sys admin
Access to the following sections: NIST RMF > Administration
GRC
admin Access to the following sections: NIST RMF > Administration
Install the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator
The NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator is used with the GRC core applications: Policy and
Compliance Management, Risk Management, and Audit Management applications.
Before you begin
Role required: none.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3611
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Persona | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •NIST RMF > Monitor •NIST RMF > Content |
| Authorizing officer | Confirms that a target is operating within an acceptable level of risk. Defined access to the following sections: •All Modules in NIST RMF > Overview > •NIST RMF > Authorize > Targets •NIST RMF > Authorize > My Approvals |
| Security officer | Provides insight and understanding into the current security procedures and capabilities for a target and implements the controls, managing issues, and completing remediation tasks Defined access to the following sections: •NIST RMF > Categorize •NIST RMF > Select > Targets •NIST RMF > Implement •NIST RMF > Assess > Overview •NIST RMF > Assess > Control Attestations •NIST RMF > Assess > Control Effectiveness •NIST RMF > Assess > Remediation Tasks •NIST RMF > Authorize •NIST RMF > Monitor |
| Control provider | Assists in the creation and tailoring of security controls within the organization. Defined access to the following sections: •NIST RMF > Select > Review Baseline Controls •NIST RMF > Select > Tailor Baseline Controls •NIST RMF > Content |
| Sys admin | Access to the following sections: NIST RMF > Administration |
| GRC admin | Access to the following sections: NIST RMF > Administration |




<!-- Page 177 -->
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Complete the following setup checklist prior to installation. These setup tasks are required for a
smooth installation.
Setup task Description
Verify that the following applications have
been installed: To verify that these applications are activated,
navigate to Subscription Management >
•Policy and Compliance Management
Subscriptions in your instance. The list
•Risk Management displays the subscriptions your organization
has purchased.
•Audit Management
For more information about the setup and
activation of the Risk Management plugin, see
Install Risk Management
Verify that you have the required roles.
The System Admin (admin) assigns the
following roles:
•Policy and Compliance Management roles
◦Attestation Creator
(sn_compliance.attestation_creator)
◦Compliance Administrator
(sn_compliance.admin)
◦Compliance Developer
(sn_compliance.developer)
◦Compliance Manager
(sn_compliance.manager)
◦Compliance Reader
(sn_compliance.reader)
◦Compliance User (sn_compliance.user)
•Risk Management roles
◦Risk Admin (sn.risk.admin)
◦Risk Reader (sn.risk.reader)
◦Risk Manager (sn.risk.manager)
◦Risk User (sn.risk.reader)
•Audit Management roles
◦Audit Admin (sn_audit.admin)
◦Audit Developer (sn_audit.developer)
◦Audit Manager (sn_audit.manager)
◦Audit User (sn_audit.user)
◦External Auditor
(sn_audit.external_auditor)
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3612
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Setup task | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Verify that the following applications have been installed: •Policy and Compliance Management •Risk Management •Audit Management | To verify that these applications are activated, navigate to Subscription Management > Subscriptions in your instance. The list displays the subscriptions your organization has purchased. For more information about the setup and activation of the Risk Management plugin, see Install Risk Management |
| Verify that you have the required roles. | The System Admin (admin) assigns the following roles: •Policy and Compliance Management roles ◦Attestation Creator (sn_compliance.attestation_creator) ◦Compliance Administrator (sn_compliance.admin) ◦Compliance Developer (sn_compliance.developer) ◦Compliance Manager (sn_compliance.manager) ◦Compliance Reader (sn_compliance.reader) ◦Compliance User (sn_compliance.user) •Risk Management roles ◦Risk Admin (sn.risk.admin) ◦Risk Reader (sn.risk.reader) ◦Risk Manager (sn.risk.manager) ◦Risk User (sn.risk.reader) •Audit Management roles ◦Audit Admin (sn_audit.admin) ◦Audit Developer (sn_audit.developer) ◦Audit Manager (sn_audit.manager) ◦Audit User (sn_audit.user) ◦External Auditor (sn_audit.external_auditor) |




<!-- Page 178 -->
Procedure
1.Log in to the instance you want to install the application on.
2. Navigate to System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
3. Locate the GRC: NIST RMF Accelerator application.
4.If you want to load demo data, select the Demo Data check box.
5. Click Install.
Verify the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator
After installing the GRC: NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator, review the NIST RMF application
structure, core content, and demo data, if selected during installation.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > User Administration > Roles and review the roles installed with the NIST RMF
application.
These roles contain nist_rmf in their names; for example, sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer. The
roles are associated with NIST RMF application modules to provide access based on the user's
role.
Note: Use the basic NIST RMF user role is to access the application. This role contains®
the reader or user roles from the ServiceNow GRC suite of applications.
2. In the Application Navigator, type NIST RMF, and verify the application core content.
Navigate to Verify
NIST RMF > Content > Control Objective Review the Policies and Control objectives
installed for NIST RMF.
NIST RMF > Content > Risk Statements Review the Risk Frameworks and Risk
Statements installed for NIST RMF.
NIST RMF > Content > Test Templates Review the Test Templates installed for NIST
RMF.
NIST RMF > Content > Indicator Templates Review the Indicator Templates installed for
NIST RMF.
NIST RMF > Content > Attestation Types Review the Control Attestation Types
installed for NIST RMF.
NIST RMF > Content > Assessment Types Review the Risk Assessment Types installed
for NIST RMF.
3. Validate the application demo content, if loaded.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3613
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Navigate to | Verify |
| --- | --- |
| NIST RMF > Content > Control Objective | Review the Policies and Control objectives installed for NIST RMF. |
| NIST RMF > Content > Risk Statements | Review the Risk Frameworks and Risk Statements installed for NIST RMF. |
| NIST RMF > Content > Test Templates | Review the Test Templates installed for NIST RMF. |
| NIST RMF > Content > Indicator Templates | Review the Indicator Templates installed for NIST RMF. |
| NIST RMF > Content > Attestation Types | Review the Control Attestation Types installed for NIST RMF. |
| NIST RMF > Content > Assessment Types | Review the Risk Assessment Types installed for NIST RMF. |




<!-- Page 179 -->
Navigate to Verify
NIST RMF > Impact Analysis Review the sample Targets installed in the
system for use with the NIST RMF application.
User Administration > Users Review the sample Persona users installed
in the system for use with the NIST RMF
application. The User IDs for these users end
with .RMF and their names contain RMF.
Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile Perform a search for profile classes with the
Classes Name field containing with NIST. Review
their relationships by reviewing their roll up to
field in respective profile classes.
Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile Perform a search for profile types with the
types Name field starting with NIST RMF.
Policy and Compliance > Policies and Perform a search for all controls referencing
Procedures > All Controls Control Objectives with a Source = NIST
800-53-r4.
Risk > Risk Register > All Risks Perform a search for all risks referencing Risk
Statements with a Source = NIST 800-53-r4.
Audit > Audit Testing > Test Plans Perform a search for test plans with Test
Templates that begin with NIST RMF.
Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Perform a search for all indicators where
Indicators Item.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-r4.
Risk > Indicators > Indicators Perform a search for all indicators where
Item.Content.Source = NIST RMF.
Policy and Compliance > Issues > All Issues Perform a search for all issues
whereItem.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-
r4.
Risk > Issues > All Issues Perform a search for all issues where
Item.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-r4.
Policy and Compliance > Remediation Tasks Perform a search for all Remediation tasks
> All Open Remediation Tasks where an issue identified on the remediation
task hasItem.Content.Source = NIST
800-53-r4.
Risk > Remediation Tasks > All Open Perform a search for all Remediation tasks
Remediation Tasks where an issue identified on the remediation
task has Item.Content.Source = NIST
800-53-r4.
NIST RMF supporting concepts
Familiarize yourself with these concepts, developed from the NIST RMF guidance.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3614
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Navigate to | Verify |
| --- | --- |
| NIST RMF > Impact Analysis | Review the sample Targets installed in the system for use with the NIST RMF application. |
| User Administration > Users | Review the sample Persona users installed in the system for use with the NIST RMF application. The User IDs for these users end with .RMF and their names contain RMF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile Classes | Perform a search for profile classes with the Name field containing with NIST. Review their relationships by reviewing their roll up to field in respective profile classes. |
| Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile types | Perform a search for profile types with the Name field starting with NIST RMF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Policies and Procedures > All Controls | Perform a search for all controls referencing Control Objectives with a Source = NIST 800-53-r4. |
| Risk > Risk Register > All Risks | Perform a search for all risks referencing Risk Statements with a Source = NIST 800-53-r4. |
| Audit > Audit Testing > Test Plans | Perform a search for test plans with Test Templates that begin with NIST RMF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Indicators > Indicators | Perform a search for all indicators where Item.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-r4. |
| Risk > Indicators > Indicators | Perform a search for all indicators where Item.Content.Source = NIST RMF. |
| Policy and Compliance > Issues > All Issues | Perform a search for all issues whereItem.Content.Source = NIST 800-53- r4. |
| Risk > Issues > All Issues | Perform a search for all issues where Item.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-r4. |
| Policy and Compliance > Remediation Tasks > All Open Remediation Tasks | Perform a search for all Remediation tasks where an issue identified on the remediation task hasItem.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-r4. |
| Risk > Remediation Tasks > All Open Remediation Tasks | Perform a search for all Remediation tasks where an issue identified on the remediation task has Item.Content.Source = NIST 800-53-r4. |




<!-- Page 180 -->
Concept Description
Target
The target is the foundation of the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator and all
related concepts.®
The target is a shared table between the ServiceNow GRC products and
several Use Case Accelerators. They are similar to the concept of profiles in
the core GRC applications. They are optionally linked to profiles, but are used
for any attributes that are specific to the Use Case Accelerators.
Note: Each NIST RMF Target uniquely represents a single profile
throughout its RMF life-cycle.
Confidentiality Confidentiality is a security objective of a Target, and is defined as the act
(C) of preserving authorized restrictions on information access and disclosure,
including means for protecting personal privacy and proprietary information.
Confidentiality is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values
Integrity (I) Integrity is a security objective of a Target is defined as act of guarding against
improper information modification or destruction, and includes ensuring
information non-repudiation and authenticity. Integrity is expressed as High,
Moderate, and Low values
Availability (A) Availability is a security objective of a Target is defined as act of ensuring
timely and reliable access to and use of information. Availability is expressed
as High, Moderate, and Low values
Baseline Baseline Controls are recommended set of security controls from National
controls Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when implemented and
determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while complying with
security requirements. Baseline controls have a designated impact value
which is a combination of High, Moderate, or Low values.
Impact Impact analysis determines the extent to which proposed or actual changes
analysis to the Target or its environment of operation can affect or have affected the
security state of the Target. A Target in which all three CIA security objectives
evaluate to Low is considered Low-impact and uses any of the security
controls which are tagged as Low impact value. Likewise, a Target in which
any of the three CIA security objectives evaluate to Moderate is considered
Moderate-impact and uses any of the security controls which are tagged
as Moderate impact value. Likewise, a Target in which any of the three CIA
security objectives evaluate to High is considered High-impact and uses any of
the security controls which are tagged as High impact value.
Assurance Assurance controls increase both the strength of security and degree
of confidence that the functionality of Targets is correct, complete, and
consistent and would mitigate the security risk and assists in complying with
security requirements
Common Common controls are controls that are inheritable by one or more Targets
Compensating Compensating controls are controls which can be employed in lieu of
recommended baseline security controls and provide equivalent or
comparable protection for the Targets
Supplemental Supplemental controls are controls which can be employed as added security
controls to adequately meet the risk management needs of a Target
Tailoring Tailoring is a process by which a security control baseline is modified based
on: (i) Targets scoping guidance; (ii) specification of the security controls, for
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3615
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Concept | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Target | The target is the foundation of the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator and all related concepts. ® The target is a shared table between the ServiceNow GRC products and several Use Case Accelerators. They are similar to the concept of profiles in the core GRC applications. They are optionally linked to profiles, but are used for any attributes that are specific to the Use Case Accelerators. Note: Each NIST RMF Target uniquely represents a single profile throughout its RMF life-cycle. |
| Confidentiality (C) | Confidentiality is a security objective of a Target, and is defined as the act of preserving authorized restrictions on information access and disclosure, including means for protecting personal privacy and proprietary information. Confidentiality is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values |
| Integrity (I) | Integrity is a security objective of a Target is defined as act of guarding against improper information modification or destruction, and includes ensuring information non-repudiation and authenticity. Integrity is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values |
| Availability (A) | Availability is a security objective of a Target is defined as act of ensuring timely and reliable access to and use of information. Availability is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values |
| Baseline controls | Baseline Controls are recommended set of security controls from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when implemented and determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. Baseline controls have a designated impact value which is a combination of High, Moderate, or Low values. |
| Impact analysis | Impact analysis determines the extent to which proposed or actual changes to the Target or its environment of operation can affect or have affected the security state of the Target. A Target in which all three CIA security objectives evaluate to Low is considered Low-impact and uses any of the security controls which are tagged as Low impact value. Likewise, a Target in which any of the three CIA security objectives evaluate to Moderate is considered Moderate-impact and uses any of the security controls which are tagged as Moderate impact value. Likewise, a Target in which any of the three CIA security objectives evaluate to High is considered High-impact and uses any of the security controls which are tagged as High impact value. |
| Assurance | Assurance controls increase both the strength of security and degree of confidence that the functionality of Targets is correct, complete, and consistent and would mitigate the security risk and assists in complying with security requirements |
| Common | Common controls are controls that are inheritable by one or more Targets |
| Compensating | Compensating controls are controls which can be employed in lieu of recommended baseline security controls and provide equivalent or comparable protection for the Targets |
| Supplemental | Supplemental controls are controls which can be employed as added security controls to adequately meet the risk management needs of a Target |




<!-- Page 181 -->
Concept Description
example, compensating, if needed; and (iii) the specification of organization
— defined parameters in the security controls via explicit assignment and
selection statements
NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator dashboards and reports
The NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator contains various reports displayed on different dashboards,
available within each of the sections in the NIST RMF process: Categorize, Select, Implement,
Assess, Authorize, and Monitor.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Overview reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Overview.
Reports Purpose
Security Compliance Provides an overall compliance summary of the security
Overview policies.
Profiles Compliance Overview Provides an overall compliance summary of the profiles
implementing security controls.
Security Compliance Details Provides a detailed compliance summary of the security
policies.
Inherent Security Risk Heatmap of security risks based on the Inherent qualitative
Heatmap results of risks.
Residual Security Risk Heatmap of security risks based on the Residual qualitative
Heatmap results of risks.
Inherent Security Risk Bubble chart of security risks based on the average Inherent
quantitative results of risks.
Residual Security Risk Bubble chart of security risks based on the average Inherent
quantitative results of risks.
Inherent Annual Loss Provides an insight into Inherent Annualized Loss Expectancy
Exposures Security Risk (ALE) for different security risks.
Residual Annual Loss Provides an insight into Residual Annualized Loss Expectancy
Exposures Security Risk (ALE) for different security risks.
Issues summary Plots issues noted for security policies on a week by week
basis.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3616
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Concept | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | example, compensating, if needed; and (iii) the specification of organization — defined parameters in the security controls via explicit assignment and selection statements |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Security Compliance Overview | Provides an overall compliance summary of the security policies. |
| Profiles Compliance Overview | Provides an overall compliance summary of the profiles implementing security controls. |
| Security Compliance Details | Provides a detailed compliance summary of the security policies. |
| Inherent Security Risk Heatmap | Heatmap of security risks based on the Inherent qualitative results of risks. |
| Residual Security Risk Heatmap | Heatmap of security risks based on the Residual qualitative results of risks. |
| Inherent Security Risk | Bubble chart of security risks based on the average Inherent quantitative results of risks. |
| Residual Security Risk | Bubble chart of security risks based on the average Inherent quantitative results of risks. |
| Inherent Annual Loss Exposures Security Risk | Provides an insight into Inherent Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE) for different security risks. |
| Residual Annual Loss Exposures Security Risk | Provides an insight into Residual Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE) for different security risks. |
| Issues summary | Plots issues noted for security policies on a week by week basis. |




<!-- Page 182 -->
Categorize reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Categorize > Overview.
Targets with Targets with completed security impact analysis with no baseline control
no Baseline generated. Baseline Controls are recommended set of security controls
Controls from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when
implemented and determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk
while complying with security requirements. The Baseline Controls to be
implemented can be determined from the recommended Baseline Policy
Statements on the Target.
Targets
pending Security impact analysis when conducted by the organizations, determines the
Impact extent to which proposed or actual changes to the target or its environment of
Analysis operation can affect or have affected the security state of the target. Changes
to the target or its environment of operation may affect the security controls
currently in place (including system-specific, hybrid, and common controls),
produce new vulnerabilities in the target, or generate requirements for new
security controls that were not needed previously.
Targets status Targets organized by their current state of Risk Management process. The
Risk Management process is provided by National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework (RMF) is a disciplined and
structured process that integrates information security and risk management
activities.
Confidentiality Targets grouped for each confidentiality rating value. National Institute of
Impact Standards and Technology (NIST) defines Confidentiality as preserving
authorized restrictions on information access and disclosure, including means
for protecting personal privacy and proprietary information. Confidentiality is
expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values.
Integrity Targets grouped for each Integrity rating value. National Institute of Standards
Impact and Technology (NIST) defines Integrity as guarding against improper
information modification or destruction, and includes ensuring information
non-repudiation and authenticity. Integrity is expressed as High, Moderate, and
Low values.
Availability Targets grouped for each Availability rating value. National Institute of
Impact Standards and Technology (NIST) defines Availability as ensuring timely and
reliable access to and use of information. Availability is expressed as High,
Moderate, and Low values.
Impact Targets grouped for each Impact rating value. National Institute of Standards
and Technology (NIST) defines Impact as the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or
availability could be expected to have: (i) a limited adverse effect; (ii) a serious
adverse effect; or (iii) a severe or catastrophic adverse effect on organizational
operations, organizational assets, or individuals. Whereas security impact
analysis is defined as organizations determination of the extent to which the
security state is affected. Impact is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low
values.
Review Provides an overview for the NIST Risk Management select step of the
Baseline framework in-order to facilitate review of the baseline policy statements
Controls and controls. NIST RMF > Select > Review Baseline Controls launches this
dashboard
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3617
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Targets with no Baseline Controls | Targets with completed security impact analysis with no baseline control generated. Baseline Controls are recommended set of security controls from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when implemented and determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. The Baseline Controls to be implemented can be determined from the recommended Baseline Policy Statements on the Target. |
| --- | --- |
| Targets pending Impact Analysis | Security impact analysis when conducted by the organizations, determines the extent to which proposed or actual changes to the target or its environment of operation can affect or have affected the security state of the target. Changes to the target or its environment of operation may affect the security controls currently in place (including system-specific, hybrid, and common controls), produce new vulnerabilities in the target, or generate requirements for new security controls that were not needed previously. |
| Targets status | Targets organized by their current state of Risk Management process. The Risk Management process is provided by National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework (RMF) is a disciplined and structured process that integrates information security and risk management activities. |
| Confidentiality Impact | Targets grouped for each confidentiality rating value. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) defines Confidentiality as preserving authorized restrictions on information access and disclosure, including means for protecting personal privacy and proprietary information. Confidentiality is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values. |
| Integrity Impact | Targets grouped for each Integrity rating value. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) defines Integrity as guarding against improper information modification or destruction, and includes ensuring information non-repudiation and authenticity. Integrity is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values. |
| Availability Impact | Targets grouped for each Availability rating value. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) defines Availability as ensuring timely and reliable access to and use of information. Availability is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values. |
| Impact | Targets grouped for each Impact rating value. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) defines Impact as the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability could be expected to have: (i) a limited adverse effect; (ii) a serious adverse effect; or (iii) a severe or catastrophic adverse effect on organizational operations, organizational assets, or individuals. Whereas security impact analysis is defined as organizations determination of the extent to which the security state is affected. Impact is expressed as High, Moderate, and Low values. |
| Review Baseline Controls | Provides an overview for the NIST Risk Management select step of the framework in-order to facilitate review of the baseline policy statements and controls. NIST RMF > Select > Review Baseline Controls launches this dashboard |




<!-- Page 183 -->
Categorize reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Categorize > Overview.
(continued)
Baseline Baseline Security Policy Statements are recommended set of security control
Security definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which
Policy when implemented and determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk
Statements while complying with security requirements.
Baseline Baseline Security Controls are recommended set of security controls from
Security National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which are being
Controls implemented and if determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk
while complying with security requirements.
Baseline control reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Select > Review Baseline Controls.
Reports Purpose
Baseline Baseline Security Policy Statements are recommended set of security control
Security definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which
Policy when implemented and determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk
Statements while complying with security requirements.
Baseline Baseline Security Controls are recommended set of security controls from
Security National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which are being
Controls implemented and if determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while
complying with security requirements.
Tailor baseline controls reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Select > Tailor Baseline Controls.
Reports Purpose
Baseline Baseline Security Assurance Policy Statements are recommended set
Assurance of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and
Policy Technology (NIST) which are designated as Assurance control definitions
Statements which when implemented increase both the strength of security and degree
of confidence that the functionality is correct, complete, and consistent and
would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements.
Baseline Baseline Security Assurance Controls are recommended set of security
Assurance control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
Controls which are designated as Assurance control are being implemented to increase
both the strength of security and degree of confidence that the functionality
is correct, complete, and consistent and would mitigate security risk while
complying with security requirements.
Baseline Baseline Security Common Policy Statements are set of security control
Common definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3618
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Baseline Security Controls | Baseline Security Controls are recommended set of security controls from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which are being implemented and if determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. |
| --- | --- |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Baseline Security Policy Statements | Baseline Security Policy Statements are recommended set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when implemented and determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. |
| Baseline Security Controls | Baseline Security Controls are recommended set of security controls from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which are being implemented and if determined to be effective, would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Baseline Assurance Policy Statements | Baseline Security Assurance Policy Statements are recommended set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which are designated as Assurance control definitions which when implemented increase both the strength of security and degree of confidence that the functionality is correct, complete, and consistent and would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. |
| Baseline Assurance Controls | Baseline Security Assurance Controls are recommended set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which are designated as Assurance control are being implemented to increase both the strength of security and degree of confidence that the functionality is correct, complete, and consistent and would mitigate security risk while complying with security requirements. |




<!-- Page 184 -->
Tailor baseline controls reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Select > Tailor Baseline Controls.
(continued)
Reports Purpose
Policy when designated as Common control definitions by organizations indicate
Statements these are inheritable by one or more organizational targets.
Baseline Baseline Security Common Controls are set of security control definitions from
Common National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are being implemented
Controls and which when designated as Common controls by organizations indicate
these are inheritable by one or more organizational targets.
Baseline Baseline Security Compensating Policy Statements are set of security control
Compensating definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which
Policy when designated as Compensating control definitions by organizations
Statements indicate these can be employed in lieu of other security controls and provide
equivalent or comparable protection for organizational targets.
Baseline Baseline Security Compensating Controls are set of security control definitions
Compensating from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are being
Controls implemented and which when designated as Compensating controls by
organizations indicate these can be employed in lieu of other security controls
and provide equivalent or comparable protection for organizational targets.
Baseline Baseline Security Supplemental Policy Statements are set of security control
Supplemental definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which
Policy when designated as Supplemental control definitions by organizations
Statements indicate these can be added to security controls to adequately meet the risk
management needs for organizational targets.
Baseline Baseline Security Supplemental Controls are set of security control definitions
Supplemental from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are being
Controls implemented and which when designated as Supplemental controls by
organizations indicate these can be added to security controls to adequately
meet the risk management needs for organizational targets.
Attestation and assessment reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Assess > Overview.
Reports Purpose
Control Attestations Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations
completed completed.
Control Attestations Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations
upcoming due date due within 7 days.
Control Attestations due Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations
after 7 days due after 7 days.
Control Attestations Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations
missed due date that have missed their due date.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3619
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Policy Statements | when designated as Common control definitions by organizations indicate these are inheritable by one or more organizational targets. |
| Baseline Common Controls | Baseline Security Common Controls are set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are being implemented and which when designated as Common controls by organizations indicate these are inheritable by one or more organizational targets. |
| Baseline Compensating Policy Statements | Baseline Security Compensating Policy Statements are set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when designated as Compensating control definitions by organizations indicate these can be employed in lieu of other security controls and provide equivalent or comparable protection for organizational targets. |
| Baseline Compensating Controls | Baseline Security Compensating Controls are set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are being implemented and which when designated as Compensating controls by organizations indicate these can be employed in lieu of other security controls and provide equivalent or comparable protection for organizational targets. |
| Baseline Supplemental Policy Statements | Baseline Security Supplemental Policy Statements are set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which when designated as Supplemental control definitions by organizations indicate these can be added to security controls to adequately meet the risk management needs for organizational targets. |
| Baseline Supplemental Controls | Baseline Security Supplemental Controls are set of security control definitions from National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) are being implemented and which when designated as Supplemental controls by organizations indicate these can be added to security controls to adequately meet the risk management needs for organizational targets. |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Control Attestations completed | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations completed. |
| Control Attestations upcoming due date | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations due within 7 days. |
| Control Attestations due after 7 days | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations due after 7 days. |
| Control Attestations missed due date | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management control attestations that have missed their due date. |




<!-- Page 185 -->
Attestation and assessment reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Assess > Overview.
(continued)
Reports Purpose
Control Attestations by Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management control
profile attestations grouped by profiles.
Control Attestations past Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management control
due attestations grouped by due date.
Risk Assessments Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments
completed completed.
Risk Assessments Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments
upcoming due date due within 7 days.
Risk Assessments due Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments
after 7 days due after 7 days.
Risk Assessments missed Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments
due date that have missed their due date.
Risk Assessments by Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management risk
profile assessments grouped by profiles.
Risk Assessments past Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management risk
due assessments grouped by due date.
Approval reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Authorize > Overview.
Reports Purpose
Target approval status Provides an overview of the current state of approvals of the target.
Risk Executive approvers Provides an overview of targets as assigned to the risk executive
approvers.
Authorizing Official Provides an overview of targets as assigned to the authorizing
approvers official approvers.
Monitoring reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Monitor > Overview.
Reports Purpose
In-effective Total number of profiles having at least one control test of a security control
Profiles flagged as in-effective.
In-effective Total number of security controls having atleast one control test flagged as in-
Controls effective.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3620
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Control Attestations by profile | Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management control attestations grouped by profiles. |
| Control Attestations past due | Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management control attestations grouped by due date. |
| Risk Assessments completed | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments completed. |
| Risk Assessments upcoming due date | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments due within 7 days. |
| Risk Assessments due after 7 days | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments due after 7 days. |
| Risk Assessments missed due date | Displays the number of NIST Risk Management risk assessments that have missed their due date. |
| Risk Assessments by profile | Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management risk assessments grouped by profiles. |
| Risk Assessments past due | Provides an overview of the NIST Risk Management risk assessments grouped by due date. |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| Target approval status | Provides an overview of the current state of approvals of the target. |
| Risk Executive approvers | Provides an overview of targets as assigned to the risk executive approvers. |
| Authorizing Official approvers | Provides an overview of targets as assigned to the authorizing official approvers. |

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| In-effective Profiles | Total number of profiles having at least one control test of a security control flagged as in-effective. |
| In-effective Controls | Total number of security controls having atleast one control test flagged as in- effective. |




<!-- Page 186 -->
Monitoring reports
Reports under NIST RMF > Monitor > Overview.
(continued)
Reports Purpose
In-effective Total number of test plans having at least one control test of a security control
Test Plans flagged as in-effective.
Non- Total number of security controls with status non-compliant.
compliant
Controls
Risks Total number of Risks that are associated with security controls.
Issues Total number of issues that are related to security controls and risks.
Control Provides compliance overview of the security controls.
compliance
Profile Provides an overview of the profile effectiveness for profiles having security
effectiveness controls based on the effectiveness of the associated control tests.
Control Provides an overview of the control effectiveness for security controls based on
effectiveness the effectiveness of the associated control tests.
Test Plan Provides an overview of the test plan effectiveness of security controls based
effectiveness on the effectiveness of the associated control tests.
Risks List of Risks grouped by profiles and associated with security controls.
NIST RMF process overview
The NIST RMF navigation structure facilitates the management of the NIST security controls
through activities of categorization, selection, implementation, assessment, authorization, and
monitoring. These security controls are described in the NIST 800-37.r1 special publication.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
NIST RMF process overview
1.The risk executives and/or the security officers categorize the targets.
2. The risk executives, the security officers and/or the control providers select baseline control
definitions.
3. The risk executives and/or the security officers implement baseline security controls.
4.The security accessors, the risk executives, and/or the security officers assess the security
controls:
a.Manage and address issues
b.Manage and address remediation tasks
5. The authorizing official, the risk executives, and/or the security officers authorize targets.
6.The risk executives and/or the security officers monitor security controls:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3621
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Reports | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| In-effective Test Plans | Total number of test plans having at least one control test of a security control flagged as in-effective. |
| Non- compliant Controls | Total number of security controls with status non-compliant. |
| Risks | Total number of Risks that are associated with security controls. |
| Issues | Total number of issues that are related to security controls and risks. |
| Control compliance | Provides compliance overview of the security controls. |
| Profile effectiveness | Provides an overview of the profile effectiveness for profiles having security controls based on the effectiveness of the associated control tests. |
| Control effectiveness | Provides an overview of the control effectiveness for security controls based on the effectiveness of the associated control tests. |
| Test Plan effectiveness | Provides an overview of the test plan effectiveness of security controls based on the effectiveness of the associated control tests. |
| Risks | List of Risks grouped by profiles and associated with security controls. |




<!-- Page 187 -->
a.Review and manage indicators
b.Monitor the NIST RMF Overview dashboard
Categorize targets
Within the NIST RMF application, the Categorize section facilitates the categorization of targets
through a preliminary risk assessment and an impact analysis.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
First, a target is created from an entity or an entity type. The application flow begins at Impact
Analysis. The user locates a target and sets it up for use with NIST RMF providing basic
information. Next, the user performs a preliminary risk assessment determining the potential
impact value on each of the following parameters: Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability.
The highest impact rating of these values determines the Impact value.
Note: The user can override the Impact value, as necessary.
The Impact value is used to identify the baseline security policy statements recommended
for the target, based on the NIST 800-53.r4 special publications catalog. The user reviews
the baseline security policy statements and implements security controls for that target (for
example, Profile). The standard approach is outlined in the Policy and Compliance Management
application.
Generate target from profile or entity type
Generate a target record for a profile to track NIST RMF attributes.
Before you begin
Role required: admin.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Policy and Compliance Management
NIST RMF role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Profile Types
◦Policy and Compliance > Scoping > My Profile
◦Policy and Compliance > Scoping > All Profiles
2. Select and open Profile Type of Profile record.
3. Check Generate Target and click Update.
4.Identify the target:
a.Navigate to NIST RMF > Categorize > Impact Analysis.
b.Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
c.Confirm that the target appears in the list.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3622
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 188 -->
Set up a target for use with NIST RMF
Set up a target and populate the basic information.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Categorize > Impact Analysis.
2. Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
3. Open the target record.
4.In Framework, select NIST RMF, and click Update.
5. Open the target record again and update the following fields:
Note: Review NIST RMF supporting concepts, for more detailed information about these
fields.
◦RMF State: Identify the current NIST RMF state for the target.
◦Scoping Considerations: Provide guidance on the selection of security controls for
implementation.
6.Verify that the NIST RMF related lists are visible:
◦Baseline Policy Statements
◦Baseline Controls
◦Risks
◦Approvals
Perform preliminary risk assessment and impact analysis
Perform a preliminary risk assessment and impact analysis of the target.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Categorize > Impact Analysis.
2. Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
3. Select and open the target record.
4.Open the target record again and update the following fields in the NIST RMF section:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3623
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 189 -->
Note: Review NIST RMF supporting concepts, for more detailed information about these
fields.
NIST RMF section
Field Description
Confidentiality Target category based on confidentiality. Identify the security objective as:
High, Moderate, or Low.
Integrity Target category based on integrity. Identify the security objective as: High,
Moderate, or Low.
Availability Target category based on availability. Identify the security objective as:
High, Moderate, or Low.
Impact Impact to business function if the target loses its confidentiality, integrity, or
availability. Impact is automatically determined and may be overridden.
Scoping Operational or environmental scoping considerations for the target.
Considerations
Risk Executive Names of the person who ensures risks are identified and managed.
Authorizing Name of the person who verifies that the target is operating with an
Official acceptable level of risk.
Justification Security posture description for risk executive, authorizing official, and
owner.
Approval Status of the security compliance posture of the target.
status
5. Verify that the NIST RMF related lists are visible:
◦Baseline Policy Statements
◦Baseline Controls
◦Risks
◦Approvals
6.Navigate to the NIST RMF tab and review the Baseline Policy Statements.
7.Implement security controls for the target following the standard approach outlined in the
Policy and Compliance Management application.
Monitor the NIST RMF Categorize Overview
The NIST RMF categorization activity dashboard provides insights into the overall status of the
target.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3624
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Confidentiality | Target category based on confidentiality. Identify the security objective as: High, Moderate, or Low. |
| Integrity | Target category based on integrity. Identify the security objective as: High, Moderate, or Low. |
| Availability | Target category based on availability. Identify the security objective as: High, Moderate, or Low. |
| Impact | Impact to business function if the target loses its confidentiality, integrity, or availability. Impact is automatically determined and may be overridden. |
| Scoping Considerations | Operational or environmental scoping considerations for the target. |
| Risk Executive | Names of the person who ensures risks are identified and managed. |
| Authorizing Official | Name of the person who verifies that the target is operating with an acceptable level of risk. |
| Justification | Security posture description for risk executive, authorizing official, and owner. |
| Approval status | Status of the security compliance posture of the target. |




<!-- Page 190 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Categorize > Overview
2. Review all the reports on the dashboard.
3. Review the report details in the dashboard and reports sections.
Select baseline control definitions
Within the NIST RMF application, the Select section focuses on the review of the initial set of
baseline control definitions. You can also tailor the control definitions, by tagging them based on
organizational requirements.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
After performing Impact Analysis, the user selects and tailors the baseline controls for that
target. A dashboard provides an overview of the baseline policy statements in the catalog,
alongside the catalog of baseline controls being implemented.
Next, the user tailors the baseline controls. Another dashboard contains several reports detailing
the baseline policy statements alongside baseline controls which are tagged as Assurance,
Common, Compensating and Supplemental.
Note: Both Review Baseline Controls and Tailor Baseline Controls require that
you implement all necessary controls following the standard Policy and Compliance
Management application procedures. Return to these dashboards for the selecting and
tailoring of those controls.
Review baseline controls
Review the baseline policy statements and baseline controls.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Review Baseline Controls requires that you implement all necessary controls following the
standard Policy and Compliance Management application procedures.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive, sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer, or
sn_irm_nist_rmf.control_provider
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Select > Review Baseline Controls.
2. Review all the reports on the dashboard.
3. Implement changes for the baseline policy statements and baseline controls following the
standard approach outlined Policy and Compliance Management application.
Tailor baseline controls
Tailor the baseline policy statements and baseline controls.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3625
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 191 -->
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Tailor Baseline Controls requires that you implement all necessary controls following the
standard Policy and Compliance Management application procedures.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive, sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer, or
sn_irm_nist_rmf.control_provider
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Select > Tailor Baseline Controls.
2. Review all the reports on the dashboard.
3. Implement changes for the baseline policy statements and baseline controls following the
standard approach outlined in the Policy and Compliance Management application.
Implement security controls
Within the NIST RMF application, the Implement section focuses on the physical implementation
of the baseline security controls. The NIST RMF application may also include other standard
security controls, already used by the targets or its environment of operation.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Users can view a list of all controls that originate from a NIST 800-53.r4 policy statement, update
any implementation details, and update the controls.
Note: The NIST RMF application provides read-only access to the security controls.
Update these controls following the standard Policy and Compliance Management
application procedures.
An important aspect of implementing controls is testing them appropriately. Users can view a list
of all control tests that were created for security controls with a policy statement source of NIST
800-53 r4.
Note: The NIST RMF application provides read-only access to the security control tests.
Update these tests following the standard Audit Management application procedures.
Manage and implement controls
From a list of security controls stemming from NIST 800-53.r4 policy statements, review the
controls and update implementation details.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3626
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 192 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Implement > Active Controls.
2. Review each control and physically implement them following the standard approach outlined
in the Policy and Compliance Management application.
Manage and implement control tests
From a list of security controls stemming from NIST 800-53.r4 policy statements, review the
control tests and update implementation details.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive or sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Implement > Active Control Tests.
2. Review each control test and physically implement them following the standard approach
outlined in the Audit Management application.
Assess controls, risks, issues, and remediation tasks
Within the NIST RMF application, the Assess section involves performing security control
attestations, evaluating the control effectiveness, managing associated risks and issues, and
performing remediation tasks.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Broadly, assessment also involves managing the controls, risks, issues, and remediation tasks
that stem from the implementation of the security controls.
Note: The NIST RMF application provides read-only access to the content. Update the
content following the standard GRC procedures, as outlined in the Policy and Compliance
Management, Risk Management, and/or Audit Management applications.
Users can:
•review and perform control attestations currently in the system relating to NIST RMF security
attestations
•view all control tests, highlighting the control and current effectiveness of each control test in
place
•manage and address any risks stemming from risk statements having a content source of NIST
800-53.r4
•identify risks and perform their assessments
•view a list of issues and remediation tasks stemming from the implementation of security
controls and related risks having a content source of NIST 800-53 r4
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3627
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 193 -->
Review and perform control attestations
Review and perform control attestations relating to NIST RMF security attestations.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_accessor, sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive, or
sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Control Attestations.
2. Review each control attestation and its results.
3. Perform any control attestations assigned to you following the standard approach outlined in
the Policy and Compliance Management application.
Review and evaluate control effectiveness
Review and evaluate the effectiveness of the controls through the execution of control tests
related to NIST-800.53.r4.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_accessor, sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive, or
sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Control Effectiveness.
2. Review each control test and their related security controls.
3. Review the control effectiveness results in the system.
4.Perform the control tests assigned to you following the standard approach outlined in the Audit
Management application.
Manage and address risks
Review and manage all risks stemming from risk statements having the content source of NIST
800-53.r4.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_accessor or sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3628
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 194 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Risks.
2. Review each risk and their related risk statements.
3. Manage and address any risks following the standard approach outlined in the Risk
Management application.
Review and perform risk assessments
Review and execute the risk assessments relating to NIST RMF security assessments.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_accessor or sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Risk Assessments.
2. Review each risk assessment and its results.
3. Perform any risk assessments assigned to you following the standard approach outlined in the
Risk Management application.
Manage and address issues
Review all issues stemming from controls and risks with NIST 800-53.r4 as the source and
address them.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer or sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Issues.
2. Review the issues with NIST 800-53.r4 as the source.
3. Manage and address any risks following the standard approach outlined in the Risk
Management application.
Manage and address remediation tasks
Review all remediation tasks stemming from controls and risks with NIST 800-53.r4 as the source
and address them.
Before you begin
Role required: none.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3629
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 195 -->
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
NIST RMF
sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer or sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Remediation tasks.
2. Review the issues with NIST 800-53.r4 as the source.
3. Manage and address any risks following the standard approach outlined in the Risk
Management application.
Monitor the NIST RMF Assess dashboard
The NIST RMF assess dashboard provides insights into the overall status of the target.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer or sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Assess > Overview.
2. Review all the reports on the dashboard.
3. Review the report details in the dashboard and reports sections.
Authorize targets
Within the NIST RMF application, the Authorize section involves the authorization of targets
based on their compliance and risk posture.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Users request authorization from the appropriate parties directly from the target form.
Authorize targets
Authorize a target record based on the overall security posture determined by the security officer.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_official, sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive, or
sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3630
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 196 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Authorize > Targets.
2. Search for the target using the Name or Profile fields.
3. Select and open the target record.
4.From the NIST RFM section, review the Approval Status field.
5. Click Request Approval.
Result
The approval is triggered for the target.
If you are an approver, use the My Approvals module to review the approval request.
Monitor the NIST RMF Authorize dashboard
The NIST RMF Authorize dashboard provides insights into the overall status of the target.
Before you begin
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Role required: sn_irm_nist_rmf.security_officer or sn_irm_nist_rmf.risk_executive
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > NIST RMF > Authorize > Overview.
2. Review all the reports on the dashboard.
3. Review the report details in the dashboard and reports sections.
Monitor security controls
Within the NIST RMF application, the Monitor section involves the on-going monitoring of the
security controls for targets documenting changes to them or their environments of operation,
conducting security impact analyses of the associated changes, and reporting their security
state to designated officials.
Note: Starting with version 10.1.0, the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator will be supported
only for customers who currently use the product. New and existing customers should
consider using the GRC: Continuous Authorization Monitoring application. For details,
Continuous Authorization and Monitoring.
Monitoring is a critical step in the RMF process. In-effective targets (profiles), controls, and test
plans can be continuously monitored and their known risks and issues addressed. Security
controls should be automatically monitored where possible using indicators, triggering alerts for
remediation.
To continuously monitor a security control, users can use the indicator templates provided
with the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator application, by navigating to NIST RMF > Content >
Indicator Templates. The sample indicator templates and indicators begin with NIST. Users must
create new indicators beginning with NIST for monitoring the security controls.
Review and manage indicators
Review all indicators that are set up for NIST and manage them to track their results.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3631
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
