# 360° Relationship Visualization



<!-- Page 284 -->
Indicator templates common to CIS and ISO Controls (continued)
Name/ Indicator Compliance Related UCF
Control Source table
Description template type validated by IDs
CIS Control Reporting Basic Security Security
19.4, information Incident Incident 07183
ISO27002 - security Response [sn_si_incident]
12975
16.1.3 weaknesses:
10033
Devise
organization-
wide
standards
for the time
required
for system
administrators
and other
workforce
members
to report
anomalous
events to
the incident
handling
team, the
mechanisms
for such
reporting, and
the kind of
information
that should
be included in
the incident
notification.
360° Relationship Visualization
The 360° Relationship Visualization application allows you to visually explore the relationships
between the different types of critical data that affect your business, such as controls, risks, and
issues. The visualization also facilitates quick actions upon the information, such as adding a
relationship, closing an issue, or approving a policy exception.
Before you can use the 360° Relationship Visualization application, you must set up the data
registry to define the kinds of relationships to be viewed and to configure the views of the data to
be shown in the 360º View.
Who uses the 360° Relationship Visualization
360° Relationship Visualization is used by GRC practitioners, such as compliance managers and
analysts, risk managers and analysts, and auditors. 360° Relationship Visualization helps GRC
practitioners to understand the critical data that affects their business. It also aids in effectively
communicating the relationships and their impacts to C-suite executives or business users such
as application or business service owners.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3719
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Control | Name/ Description | Indicator template type | Compliance validated by | Source table | Related UCF IDs |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| CIS Control 19.4, ISO27002 - 16.1.3 | Reporting information security weaknesses: Devise organization- wide standards for the time required for system administrators and other workforce members to report anomalous events to the incident handling team, the mechanisms for such reporting, and the kind of information that should be included in the incident notification. | Basic | Security Incident Response | Security Incident [sn_si_incident | 07183 ] 12975 10033 |

