# Download and activate the GRC: 360° Relationship Visualization and Data Registry applications



<!-- Page 285 -->
This table contains the responsibilities of all stakeholders involved with the 360º Relationship
Visualization application and the Data Registry.
360° Relationship Visualization and Data Registry roles and responsibilities
Role title Description Contains roles
Data registry administrator The data registry administrator
[sn_data_registry.admin] has CRUD access to all records csn_data_registry.reader
in the 360º views.
Data registry reader The data registry reader role
•canvas_user
[sn_data_registry.reader]must be granted to all GRC
users (for example, ompliance •workspace_user
managers and analysts, risk
managers and analysts, and
auditors) who are working on
360° Relationship Visualization-
enabled GRC forms.
Download and activate the GRC: 360° Relationship Visualization and Data
Registry applications
Before you can run the GRC: 360º Relationship Visualization
(com.servicenow_sn_grc_360_degree_visualization) and Data Registry
(com.sn_app_grc_data_registry) applications in your instance, you must download them from the
ServiceNow Store.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
Follow the instructions for Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time.
Setting up the 360º views
To effectively use the 360° Relationship Visualization application, you need to register existing
relationships between the types of data you want to view, and then configure how the 360º view
displays that data.
Register 360º relationships
The first step in setting up your data registry is to register the relationships you want displayed in
the 360° Relationship Visualization.
Before you begin
Role required: Data registry administrator
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3720
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role title | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Data registry administrator [sn_data_registry.admin] | The data registry administrator has CRUD access to all records in the 360º views. | csn_data_registry.reader |
| Data registry reader [sn_data_registry.reader | The data registry reader role ]must be granted to all GRC users (for example, ompliance managers and analysts, risk managers and analysts, and auditors) who are working on 360° Relationship Visualization- enabled GRC forms. | •canvas_user •workspace_user |




<!-- Page 286 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to 360º View Configurations > Relationship Registries.
Relationship registries
2. Click New.
New relationship registry
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Create new relationship registry
Field Description
Name A descriptive name for this registry.
Table The table for which you want to define a relationship.
Relationship The type of relationship you are defining:
type
◦One-to-many
◦Many-to-many
◦Scripted: a custom relationship from the ServiceNow AI Platform
◦One-to-one: any relationship that is available as a field in the selected table
Active Select if the relationship is active.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3721
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | A descriptive name for this registry. |
| Table | The table for which you want to define a relationship. |
| Relationship type | The type of relationship you are defining: ◦One-to-many ◦Many-to-many ◦Scripted: a custom relationship from the ServiceNow AI Platform ◦One-to-one: any relationship that is available as a field in the selected table |
| Active | Select if the relationship is active. |




<!-- Page 287 -->
Field Description
Relationship The relationship table of the selected relationship type. For example, if you
are defining relationships for the Entity table and select a many-to-many
relationship type, the list of relationship tables consists of all many-to-many
relationships that apply to the Entity table.
Relationship The table name you selected in the Relationship field.
table
4.Click Submit.
5. Repeat this process for all of the relationships you want to appear in the 360° Relationship
Visualization interface.
360º relationship examples
These screen shots illustrate the various relationship types you can register.
One-to-many relationship
One-to-many relationship
Many-to-many relationship
Many-to-many relationship
Scripted relationship
Scripted relationship
One-to-one relationship
One-to-one relationship
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3722
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Relationship | The relationship table of the selected relationship type. For example, if you are defining relationships for the Entity table and select a many-to-many relationship type, the list of relationship tables consists of all many-to-many relationships that apply to the Entity table. |
| Relationship table | The table name you selected in the Relationship field. |




<!-- Page 288 -->
Configure 360º views
After the data registry has been defined, you can configure the 360° Relationship Visualization to
effectively display the relations you created.
Before you begin
Role required: Data registry administrator
About this task
Multiple 360° Relationship views can be configured for a table. For example, the Entity table can
be configured with multiple views, such as Compliance view, Risk view, Audit view, and others.
Procedure
1.Navigate to 360º View Configurations > Configure 360º Views.
Configure a 360º view
2. Click New.
Configure a new 360º view
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Create 360º view
Field Description
View A descriptive name for this view.
Table The table for which you want to define the view.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3723
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| View | A descriptive name for this view. |
| Table | The table for which you want to define the view. |




<!-- Page 289 -->
Field Description
Default Select if this is the first view you are defining or your only view.
Active Select if this 360º view is active.
Primary The primary and secondary fields in the selected table to be
field and used to display the title and secondary title of the main object, as
secondary
field
illustrated.
Description A description of the 360º view.
Section Configuration
Sector Select the number of sectors to be displayed in the 360º view. For example,
configuration select top, bottom, left, and right to indicate you want four
sectors.
Top, Bottom, Based on your Sector configuration selection, enter labels for each of the
Left, Right sectors.
4.Save the record.
The Relationship Registries related list appears.
Relationship registries
5. Click Select Relationships.
6.On the form, fill in the fields.
DataNav Config to Data Relationship
Field Description
Name A name to identify this relationship.
Data The data relationship you previously defined.
relationship
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3724
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Default | Select if this is the first view you are defining or your only view. |
| Active | Select if this 360º view is active. |
| Primary field and secondary field | The primary and secondary fields in the selected table to be used to display the title and secondary title of the main object, as illustrated. |
| Description | A description of the 360º view. |
| Section Configuration |  |
| Sector configuration | Select the number of sectors to be displayed in the 360º view. For example, select top, bottom, left, and right to indicate you want four sectors. |
| Top, Bottom, Left, Right | Based on your Sector configuration selection, enter labels for each of the sectors. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | A name to identify this relationship. |
| Data relationship | The data relationship you previously defined. |

