# Exploring the 360º view



<!-- Page 290 -->
Field Description
Relationship The table associated with the selected data relationship.
table
Node The sector you previously defined to which you want to add this relationship.
position
Filter Enter conditions to define the types of relationships you want to display. For
example, you could define conditions for all controls with failures.
Configuration The configuration defined for the relationship.
Table The table defined for the relationship.
Order
Based on the Order value given the position of element in the 360º view will
change.
For example, if you change the order value from 0 to 1 for an element, the
position will be moved to next in the 360ºview.
7.Click Submit.
The new view you have defined is now available on the 360º view.
Selecting a new view
Exploring the 360º view
After you have successfully set up your data registries for the tables you use, you can use the
360º view feature to view the relationships between a selected record and related objects, such
as controls, risks, and entity types.
When you launch the 360º view from a particular record, the relationships between the selected
record and all associated objects are displayed in a distinctive visualization that allows you to
instantly understand how the objects interact with one another. The relationships are linked to
your data so you can perform actions on the displayed records, such as drilling down into them
to view additional details or creating new records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3725
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Relationship table | The table associated with the selected data relationship. |
| Node position | The sector you previously defined to which you want to add this relationship. |
| Filter | Enter conditions to define the types of relationships you want to display. For example, you could define conditions for all controls with failures. |
| Configuration | The configuration defined for the relationship. |
| Table | The table defined for the relationship. |
| Order | Based on the Order value given the position of element in the 360º view will change. For example, if you change the order value from 0 to 1 for an element, the position will be moved to next in the 360ºview. |




<!-- Page 291 -->
360º view for the Risk: Loss of Availability entity
The screen above shows the relationships that you set up in the data registry for the selected
main object (in this case, the Risk: Loss of Availability entity). As you can see, one entity and one
control apply to the main object. And the main object includes a range of relationships related
to risk response tasks, internal risk events, and risk assessments. Additionally, there is a risk
statement relationship upstream from the main object. All these relationships to the main object
are available to you at a glance.
Launch the 360º view
After data registries have been set up, you can launch 360º view from any record screen in any
GRC workspace application to view relationships between the various types of data associated
with the selected record.
Before you begin
Role required: data registry reader
Procedure
1.Navigate to any GRC workspace, for example the Compliance Workspace.
2. Open a record for which you want to open in the 360º view.
Record in workspace
Note: Depending on the record screen, you may need to click the ellipsis icon to view
the 360º view button.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3726
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 292 -->
3. Click 360º view.
360º view of selected record
Note: If you launch the 360º view prior to configuring your data registries, or if you
click on an object within the 360º view that has not been configured, the visualization
screen opens in fallback (or unconfigured) mode. All one-to-many and many-to-many
relationships for the object are automatically calculated and displayed in the view.
A system property called
sn_data_registry.max_count_of_fallback_relationships allows you
to define the maximum number of relationships to display in the 360º view. The default is
25.
Drilling-down for 360º details
In the 360º view, you can click on any relationship to view details.
For example, you can click on the Risks relationship to view details on four risks.
Drilling down on risks
You can then select one of the risk records to view relationships specific to that risk record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3727
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 293 -->
Showing relationships for a selected risk
Navigating the 360º view using breadcrumbs
As you navigate through 360º view relationship visualizations, the breadcrumbs along the top
edge keep track of where you've been and allow you to return to previously viewed information.
360º view breadcrumbs
Clicking the Entity: ACME Americas breadcrumb returns you to a visualization of those
relationships.
Selecting different 360º views
If you have defined different views, you can select them from any 360º view visualization.
Selecting a different view
The Compliance view presents you with relationships for the main object that are specific to
compliance, as you configured it.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3728
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 294 -->
Compliance view
Related topics
Configure 360º views
Enhancements in the 360º view
You can configure some functionality enhancements for the 360º view of each record as part of
the GRC updates.
The following enhancements and bug fixes are supported with the updated 360º view:
•Displaying an interactive donut chart: You can enable the Show Visualization option for each
record and select the display columns in the Group by list. See the following example.
Show Visualization option for a record
When you enable the Show Visualization option for a record, the 360º view is displayed. In
the 360º view, you can view all the objects that are associated with the record as shown in the
following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3729
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 295 -->
360º view for a record
When you click any sector of the donut chart, the related lists that are associated with the
selected object are refreshed. When you click an object pill, it displays the donut chart for the
selected object in the side-panel.
•Configuring the Group by list: You can configure the number and order of the columns in the
Group by list. When you update the columns in the Group by list as shown in the following
example, the donut chart is refreshed for the selected columns.
Sequence of the columns in the Group by list
When you select a specific order of the columns in the Group by list, the same order of the
columns is reflected in the UI. The first column that is displayed in the Selected list is the
default value in the display for the customers.
•Order of the pills: You can configure the order of the pills for each section in the Order field. If
you have not configured the order of the pills and all the pills have the same order value (for
example, if each pill has an order value of 1), the pills appear alphabetically.
•The defect fixes are as follows:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3730
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
