# Bulk update functional domain for multiple records



<!-- Page 298 -->
•Manual tagging: Directly selecting a functional domain for a record.
•Automatic tagging: Functional domains are populated through a parent record and applied to
child records via an overnight schedule job.
The Tag method column displays whether the tagging was done manually or automatically,
providing transparency in the tagging process. The Inheritance validation column is specific
to child records. It checks if the child records are correctly inheriting the functional domain
from their parent records. The system also alerts users that updating a parent record will
cause the child records to be updated during a nightly job, ensuring consistency in domain
inheritance.
The following image shows the functional domain screen. The numbers in red against the
tables indicate the number of records that do not have any functional domain assigned to
them.
Functional domain bulk update
Bulk update functional domain for multiple records
Update the functional domain for multiple records at once to save time and ensure efficiency.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC Administration > Functional domains > Domain bulk update.
2. Select the table for which you want to update functional domain.
3. Double-click in the functional domain column and select the preconfigured functional
domains.
4.Select Apply.
Using the item generation process to generate controls and risks®
The ServiceNow GRC suite of applications can automatically generate controls and risks for
your organization with the enhanced item generation process. The enhanced item generation
process (v2) in version 13.x.x fixes the stalling and performance issues from the item generation
process (v1) in version 12.x.x and earlier releases.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3733
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 299 -->
Overview of the item generation process
By using the Governance, Risk, and Compliance application, you can use the item generation
process to generate controls and risks for your organization.
A control is the actual control activity that an organization performs. For example, a control can
be related to authoritative source content (legal articles, regulations, or public records), policies,
and risks. A control is automatically generated when you associate a policy with an entity type
(grouping of the entities that match a set of filter conditions) or an entity type with a control
objective. For more information on controls, see Manage controls.
A risk is any threat or vulnerability that could adversely affect an organization’s business
objectives. For example, a risk can be related to any item, policy, control, or remediation task.
A risk is automatically generated when you make associations between risk frameworks or risk
statements and entity types.
Note: Risk statements are general statements about potential risks or threats that could
occur in an organization. A risk framework consists of a risk assessment, response, and
accountability for the risk and mitigation activities around it.
For more information on risks, see Using Risk Management.
The item generation process (v1) in version 12.x.x and earlier releases generated out-of-sync
updates due to the stalled actions in the action queue. The enhanced item generation process
(v2) eliminates the stalling issues and improves the processing time of the controls and risks
significantly. For example, the legacy item generation process (v1) generated 10,000 risks in
approximately 13.7 minutes where the new item generation process (v2) can generate 10,000
risks in approximately 5.27 minutes.
Flow of the item generation process
The item generation process inserts an action in the action queue and executes the actions one
by one in a sequence. A scheduled job runs periodically to check the action queue. If an action
is running in the queue, the scheduled job skips it. When the current running action is completed
and no other action is in process, the scheduled job picks up the next action in the Ready state
in the queue as shown in the following example.
Item generation process flow
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3734
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 300 -->
Benefits of the item generation process
The new item generation process provides the following key benefits:
•Processes the controls and risks quickly by using the item generation action event queue.
•Eliminates the stalled actions and race conditions in the queue that generated the non-
consistent updates.
•Logs the history and status of the item generation actions.
•Provides more information about an error in the item generation action event queue. It helps
you to track and troubleshoot the issues quickly and efficiently.
•Helps the compliance and risk managers to manage the controls and risks in an auto-pilot
mode without much maintenance.
Applications that are used in the item generation process
The following GRC applications are used in the item generation process:
•GRC: Policy and Compliance Management
•GRC: Risk Management
•GRC: Profiles
The GRC: Profiles application is automatically installed when either the GRC: Policy and
Compliance Management or GRC: Risk Management application is activated.
Upgrade scenarios and their impact on the existing implementations
You must upgrade both Policy and Compliance Management and Risk Management applications
to version 13.x.x. When you upgrade the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk
Management applications to version 13.x.x, the new item generation process (v2) replaces the
legacy item generation process (v1).
Note: Upgrading the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk Management
applications to version 13.x.x automatically upgrades the GRC: Profiles application to
version 13.x.x.
Ensure that you have the required versions of the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk
Management applications installed in your instance. If you have one of the following scenarios
for the installed applications, you receive an error message on the screen:
•You have both the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk Management applications
previously installed in your instance and you upgrade only one of them to version 13.x.x.
•You have only one of the Policy and Compliance Management or Risk Management
applications installed in your instance and you upgrade the GRC: Profiles application to
version 13.x.x.
•You have both Policy and Compliance Management or Risk Management applications
installed in your instance and you upgrade the GRC: Profiles application to version 13.x.x.
The error message states that you must upgrade both Policy and Compliance Management and
Risk Management applications to version 13.x.x as shown in the following example.
Message for upgrading the applications
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3735
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 301 -->
When you upgrade, you don't see any visible impact to your existing implementations of the item
generation process.
Note: If you haven’t upgraded to version 13.x.x, the legacy item generation process is still
supported.
Components that are used by the item generation process
The item generation process uses several types of reference components such as tables,
scheduled jobs, and action handlers. For more information on the components that are used with
the item generation process, see Components installed with the item generation process.
Using the scheduled job and action event queue
The item generation process uses the Item generation action queue processor
scheduled job and an action event queue in the background. As a user with the sn_grc.admin
role, you can configure the frequency of the scheduled job as shown in the following example.
Configure the frequency of the scheduled job
When you initiate an action that results in generating, updating, or deleting
a control or risk, the scheduled job inserts a record for each action in the
sn_grc_item_generation_action_event_queue.list table. The item generation action event queue
is shown in the following example.
Item generation action event queue
When an action is generated by using the item generation process, a message that the item
generation process has been initiated is displayed. For example, when you add a risk statement
to a control objective, you see the message that is shown in the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3736
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 302 -->
Initiation of the item generation process
If an error occurs while processing an action in the queue, the item generation process displays
more information about the error. For example, you might see an error trace with the object ID.
You can use the error trace and other details in the queue to track and troubleshoot the issue.
Script includes action handlers
The item generation process uses the script includes action handlers that process the actions
for the Policy and Compliance Management and Risk Management applications.
You can view the list of the supported action handlers by navigating to Script Includes in the
application navigator as shown in the following example.
Script includes action handlers
All script includes action handlers contain the base version and the extended version. The
item generation process uses the base version for handling the actions. As a user with the
sn_grc.manager role, you can review the base functions that are listed in the action handler as
shown in the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3737
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
