# Operational changes in item generation of common controls



<!-- Page 307 -->
Compliance and risk user roles and their associated tasks (continued)
Compliance and risk user roles Associated tasks
•sn_compliance.user •Create control objectives and risk
statements.
•sn_risk.user
•Enable the Creates controls automatically
option.
sn_risk.manager
•Add risk statements to a risk framework.
•Modify risk statements that are added to a
risk framework.
Operational changes in item generation of common controls
Operational changes are made in item generation mainly because item generation either creates
a control or activates an existing standard control. When it comes to associating a control to an
entity, then associating a reliant entity to a common control takes precedence over creating a
control for that entity.
Creation of controls
If the existing controls in your system can be used for testing entities, then you can take
advantage of the existing data and avoid creating controls. Having many controls can lead to
control explosion. If that is not feasible, then you can associate a primary entity with a common
control, test the common control, and implement the test results on the reliant entities of the
common control. If both these options don’t work, then you can create a control.
To create a common control, select Common in the Function field of the Control form. Select the
Convert to common list UI action. A common control is created upon validation. It’s mandatory
that you select a control objective before you convert a standard control to common control.
Association of reliant entities to common control
1.Use the Reliant entities related list in the Control form to add individual entities to the common
control. You can also remove the reliant entities using the Remove button.
2. Use Reliant entity types related list in the Control form to add entity types to the common
control. You can also remove the reliant entity types using the Remove button.
3. Use the Inherit common controls UI action in the Controls related list of the Risk form to select
common controls grouped by control objectives.
Note: For more information on reliant entity associations for a common control, see
Create a control using the Compliance Workspace and Convert standard control to
common control and add reliant entities.
Item generation – Assumptions
•There’s no auto-generation of common controls.
•When the existence of common controls or associations of reliant entities to common control
or standard controls are checked, the control’s name, entity, and control objective must match.
•Order of precedence between standard and common controls:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3742
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Compliance and risk user roles | Associated tasks |
| --- | --- |
| •sn_compliance.user •sn_risk.user | •Create control objectives and risk statements. •Enable the Creates controls automatically option. |
| sn_risk.manager | •Add risk statements to a risk framework. •Modify risk statements that are added to a risk framework. |

| Create a control using the Compliance Workspace |
| --- |
| common control and add reliant entities |




<!-- Page 308 -->
◦If reliant association and standard control do not exist, then based on the action type, a
standard control is created. Action types, for example can be Add content to entity type, Add
document to entity type, Activate content, Activate document.
◦If reliant association and standard control do not exist, then based on the action type a
reliant association to common control is created. Action type can be Add entity type to
common control.
◦If the user's intent is not clear from the action type and a standard control does not already
exist, then in conflicting entity type, the preference is to associate the reliant entity to the
common control over creation of a standard control. Action type, for example can be Add
entity to entity type.
Item generation changes
New action types in the generation of items
Item generation action type Description
Add entity type to common control If the entity is not associated with the common
item, then the application associates the entity
with the common item by creating an m2m
association between the two.
Remove entity type from common control If the entity is associated with the common
item, and the Entity types field has other entity
types or Individually_added is true in the m2m
record, then the application removes the Entity
type ID from the Entity types column or deletes
the entity to common item m2m record.
Add entity to item If Risk Management is installed, based on
the risk statement associated to the control
objective, the risk to common control m2m
records are added in the Control to Entity m2m
table after considering the reliant entities.
Remove entity from item
•If Risk Management is installed, based on
the risk statement associated to the control
objective, risk to common control m2m
records are deleted in consideration of the
reliant entities.
•If Privacy Management is installed, then
the Processing Activity to common control
m2m association based on its reliant entity
and also the Processing Activity to control
objective m2m association are removed.
Activate entity to item If Risk Management is installed, based on
the risk statement associated to the control
objective, risk to common control m2m records
are added in the Control to Entity m2m table in
consideration of its reliant entities.
Deactivate entity to item
•If Risk Management is installed, based on
the risk statement associated to the control
objective, then the risk to common control
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3743
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item generation action type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Add entity type to common control | If the entity is not associated with the common item, then the application associates the entity with the common item by creating an m2m association between the two. |
| Remove entity type from common control | If the entity is associated with the common item, and the Entity types field has other entity types or Individually_added is true in the m2m record, then the application removes the Entity type ID from the Entity types column or deletes the entity to common item m2m record. |
| Add entity to item | If Risk Management is installed, based on the risk statement associated to the control objective, the risk to common control m2m records are added in the Control to Entity m2m table after considering the reliant entities. |
| Remove entity from item | •If Risk Management is installed, based on the risk statement associated to the control objective, risk to common control m2m records are deleted in consideration of the reliant entities. •If Privacy Management is installed, then the Processing Activity to common control m2m association based on its reliant entity and also the Processing Activity to control objective m2m association are removed. |
| Activate entity to item | If Risk Management is installed, based on the risk statement associated to the control objective, risk to common control m2m records are added in the Control to Entity m2m table in consideration of its reliant entities. |

