# Using Approver Configurator for setting up approvals



<!-- Page 309 -->
New action types in the generation of items (continued)
Item generation action type Description
m2m records are deleted after considering
the control's reliant entities.
•If Privacy Management is installed and
the Processing Activity corresponds to a
reliant entity, then the Processing Activity to
common control m2m association and also
the Processing Activity to control objective
m2m association are removed.
Activate item A common item is added:
1.When no standard control exists with the
same name, content (control and control
objective), and entity combination.
2. If the entity is not reliant on any other
common item with the same name, content,
and entity.
3. When the entity is active.
A standard item is added:
1.Risk Management and Policy and
Compliance Management plugins are
installed
2. Based on the risk statement and control
objective association, risks are associated
to controls.
Deactivate item
•Common item: Deactivates all Control to
Entity m2m records.
•Standard item: Deletes risks to control
associations based on the Risk statement
and Control objective associations.
Using Approver Configurator for setting up approvals
The GRC: Approver Configurator application provides you with capabilities to define multiple
levels of approvals based on the business assignment rule configurations.
To set up multiple levels of approvals in your application, you must complete the following setup
steps:
1.Set up an approval configuration record. For more information, see Set up an approval
configuration record.
2. Set up the approval levels. For more information, see Assign an approval level for the approval
configuration record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3744
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Item generation action type | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | m2m records are deleted after considering the control's reliant entities. •If Privacy Management is installed and the Processing Activity corresponds to a reliant entity, then the Processing Activity to common control m2m association and also the Processing Activity to control objective m2m association are removed. |
| Activate item | A common item is added: 1.When no standard control exists with the same name, content (control and control objective), and entity combination. 2. If the entity is not reliant on any other common item with the same name, content, and entity. 3. When the entity is active. A standard item is added: 1.Risk Management and Policy and Compliance Management plugins are installed 2. Based on the risk statement and control objective association, risks are associated to controls. |
| Deactivate item | •Common item: Deactivates all Control to Entity m2m records. •Standard item: Deletes risks to control associations based on the Risk statement and Control objective associations. |

