# Set up an approval configuration record



<!-- Page 310 -->
3. Set up assignment configurations. For more information, see Auto-assign configuration for
regulatory alerts.
4.Set up the approval rules. For more information, see Set up an approval rule for the approval
level.
Note:
For more information on the roles in the GRC: Approver Configurator application, see Roles
installed with GRC: Approver Configurator.
Set up an approval configuration record
Set up an approval configuration record to enable multiple levels of approvals and select
approvers for each level based on approval rules.
Before you begin
The GRC: Approver Configurator (sn_grc_appr) application for approval configurations is
installed with the GRC: Policy and Compliance Management application.
Role required: sn_grc_appr.admin, sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst,
sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Approval Configurator > Approval Configurations.
2. Select New.
The Approval Configuration New Record is displayed.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For information on the fields in the form, see Approval Configuration New Record.
Note: You cannot have more than one approval configuration applying to the table with
the same priority.
4.Select Submit.
Approval Configuration New Record
Use the Approval Configuration New Record form to create an approval configuration record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3745
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 311 -->
Approval Configuration New Record
Approval Configuration form
Field Description
Priority Priority for approval configuration.
Filter condition Condition applied on the table with reference
to the Applies to field.
The approval configuration with higher priority
that matches the filter condition for the
business document is selected for approver
evaluation.
Domain Domain selected for the approval
configuration record.
Active Option to enable the approval configuration as
active.
Name Name of the approval configuration.
Applies to Table from which a record is submitted for
approval, such as business impact analysis or
compliance policy. Only tables preconfigured
in the base system are supported. For the full
list, see Base system tables configured with
GRC: Approver Configurator.
Assignment Configuration New Record
Use the Assignment Configuration new record form to create auto-assignments for regulatory
events of the type regulatory alert.
Assignment Configuration New Record
Assignment Configuration New Record form
Field Description
Name Name of the assignment configuration. For
example, Assignment configuration 1.
Applies to Name of the table on which the assignment
configuration is being applied.
Order Value that is used by the assignment
configuration engine to pick the assignment
configuration for execution. For example, if
there are multiple assignment configurations
on the same table with different conditions,
the one with the lowest value is picked for
execution.
Active Option to mark the assignment configuration
record as active.
Conditions
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3746
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Priority | Priority for approval configuration. |
| Filter condition | Condition applied on the table with reference to the Applies to field. The approval configuration with higher priority that matches the filter condition for the business document is selected for approver evaluation. |
| Domain | Domain selected for the approval configuration record. |
| Active | Option to enable the approval configuration as active. |
| Name | Name of the approval configuration. |
| Applies to | Table from which a record is submitted for approval, such as business impact analysis or compliance policy. Only tables preconfigured in the base system are supported. For the full list, see Base system tables configured with GRC: Approver Configurator. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assignment configuration. For example, Assignment configuration 1. |
| Applies to | Name of the table on which the assignment configuration is being applied. |
| Order | Value that is used by the assignment configuration engine to pick the assignment configuration for execution. For example, if there are multiple assignment configurations on the same table with different conditions, the one with the lowest value is picked for execution. |
| Active | Option to mark the assignment configuration record as active. |
| Conditions |  |

