# Assign an approval level for the approval configuration record



<!-- Page 312 -->
Assignment Configuration New Record form (continued)
Field Description
Choose a field Field on which you want to apply the
condition.
Operator Required operator.
Value Value of the field on which you’re applying the
condition.
Actions
Assign to
•Individuals influenced by user full name.
•Individuals referenced in associated
context.
•Individuals based on programmatic logic.
User Influenced by
User category to which you want to assign the
configuration.
•None.
•Assigned to.
•Closed by.
•Issue manager.
•Opened by.
Group Influenced by
User group category to which you want to
assign the configuration.
•Assignment group.
•Issue manager group.
Assignee (user) User to whom you want to assign the
configuration.
Assignee (group) User group to which you want to assign the
configuration.
Assign an approval level for the approval configuration record
Assign one or more approval levels for the approval configuration record to support each step of
approval.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_appr.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Approval Configurator > Approval Configurations.
2. Click an approval configuration record in the list to set up the approval levels.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3747
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Choose a field | Field on which you want to apply the condition. |
| Operator | Required operator. |
| Value | Value of the field on which you’re applying the condition. |
| Actions |  |
| Assign to | •Individuals influenced by user full name. •Individuals referenced in associated context. •Individuals based on programmatic logic. |
| User Influenced by | User category to which you want to assign the configuration. •None. •Assigned to. •Closed by. •Issue manager. •Opened by. |
| Group Influenced by | User group category to which you want to assign the configuration. •Assignment group. •Issue manager group. |
| Assignee (user) | User to whom you want to assign the configuration. |
| Assignee (group) | User group to which you want to assign the configuration. |

