# Set up an approval rule for the approval level



<!-- Page 313 -->
3. Click New in the Approval Levels section.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Level form
Field Description
Name Name of the approval level.
Level Stage of approval.
Note: You cannot have more than one approval level for an approval configuration with
the same level.
5. Click Submit.
Approval Level New Record form
Use the Approval Level New Record form to create an approval configuration on a policy record.
Approval Level New Record
Approval Level New Record form
Field Description
Name Name for the approval level. For example,
Level 1.
Level Number for the approval level for the policy
record. For example, Level 1. You can set up a
maximum of 10 levels of approval for the policy
record.
Set up an approval rule for the approval level
Set up an approval rule for the approval level. You can define the source, filter conditions on the
source table to which the approval rule is applied, approver type, and approvers in the record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_appr.admin
About this task
An approval rule is required for an approval level because it defines the conditions under
which that level of approval is triggered. For example, you can create approval rules for a risk
administrator or BCM administrator.
You can select specific approvers, approvers from the selected source table, dynamic approvers,
or approvers that you choose to approve your business documents. For example, an approver
can be a risk administrator, BIA owner, BCM administrator, or a contributor.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Assignment and Approval Configurations > Approval Configurations.
2. Click an approval configuration record in the list.
3. Click the approval levels record in the Name column of the Approval Levels section.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3748
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the approval level. |
| Level | Stage of approval. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name for the approval level. For example, Level 1. |
| Level | Number for the approval level for the policy record. For example, Level 1. You can set up a maximum of 10 levels of approval for the policy record. |




<!-- Page 314 -->
4.Click New in the Approval Rules section.
5. On the Approval Rule form, fill in the fields.
6.Click Submit.
Approval Rule form
Use the Approval Rule form to create an approval rule.
Approval Rule form
Field Description
Name Name of the approval rule.
Source Table to which the approval rule is applied.
Query using field Field that connects the approving table and
the source table.
Additional condition Filter conditions applied on the source table.
Approver type Type of approver.
•Specific approvers: Your choice of
approvers.
•Approver from source: Users or groups from
the source table.
•Dynamic approvers: Approvers selected
dynamically from any table.
•Scripted approvers: Script to
determine approvers. See the
script shown as an example
below.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3749
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the approval rule. |
| Source | Table to which the approval rule is applied. |
| Query using field | Field that connects the approving table and the source table. |
| Additional condition | Filter conditions applied on the source table. |




<!-- Page 315 -->
Approval Rule form (continued)
Field Description
Note:
For security reasons, the BCM admin
doesn’t have write access to the Script
field on the Approval Rule form. Only the
Approver Configurator developer has
create and write access to the Script
field on the Approval Rule form.
If you have the BCM admin role, you can
set up an approval rule only with the
following types of approvers from the
Approver type list:
•Specific approvers
•Approver from source
For more information on the roles in the
GRC: Approver Configurator application,
see Roles installed with GRC: Approver
Configurator.
Approval required from One or more stakeholders from whom the
approval is required.
Description Brief note about the approval rule.
Approvers
Approvers from Approver table. This field is available only if
the Approver type is Approver from source
or Dynamic approvers. Defaults to the source
table if it is Approver from source.
Filter by Conditions to filter records from the approver
table.
This field is available only if the Approver type
is Dynamic approvers.
Advanced Option to set a scripted dynamic condition.
User field User reference or list of approvers from the
approver table.
Group field User group reference as approver from the
approver table.
Dynamic condition Script field to apply advanced filter on
approver table.
Users One or more users designated as approvers.
Group Group of approvers.
Scripted approvers
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3750
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: For security reasons, the BCM admin doesn’t have write access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. Only the Approver Configurator developer has create and write access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. If you have the BCM admin role, you can set up an approval rule only with the following types of approvers from the Approver type list: •Specific approvers •Approver from source For more information on the roles in the GRC: Approver Configurator application, see Roles installed with GRC: Approver Configurator. |
| Approval required from | One or more stakeholders from whom the approval is required. |
| Description | Brief note about the approval rule. |
| Approvers |  |
| Approvers from | Approver table. This field is available only if the Approver type is Approver from source or Dynamic approvers. Defaults to the source table if it is Approver from source. |
| Filter by | Conditions to filter records from the approver table. This field is available only if the Approver type is Dynamic approvers. |
| Advanced | Option to set a scripted dynamic condition. |
| User field | User reference or list of approvers from the approver table. |
| Group field | User group reference as approver from the approver table. |
| Dynamic condition | Script field to apply advanced filter on approver table. |
| Users | One or more users designated as approvers. |
| Group | Group of approvers. |
| Scripted approvers |  |




<!-- Page 316 -->
Approval Rule form (continued)
Field Description
Script Script to determine approvers; users and
groups in the script are selected as approvers.
Approval Rule New Record form
Use the Approval Rule New Record form to create an approval rule for the approval level for a
policy record.
Approval Rule form
Field Description
Name Name of the approval rule. For example,
Approval rule 1.
Description Brief description about the approval rule.
Active Option to mark the approval rule record as
active.
Source Source table that the approval rule is applied
to. Optionally, you can apply an additional
condition on the source table. Select a field to
filter the source records based on the Applies
to table that is to be filled in the approval
configuration.
Additional condition Additional filter condition that can be applied
on the source table.
Query using field Field that connects the approving table and
the source table.
Approver type Type of approvers for the policy. See the
following options for approver types.
•Specific approvers: Select users as
approvers by selecting Users, Group, or
both.
•Approver from source: Select approver
from the source table. You can select a user
column, group column, or both from which to
read the approver.
•Dynamic approvers: Select approvers
dynamically from the approver table by
applying static and/or advanced dynamic
conditions. You can select a user column,
group column, or both from which to read
the approver.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3751
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Script | Script to determine approvers; users and groups in the script are selected as approvers. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the approval rule. For example, Approval rule 1. |
| Description | Brief description about the approval rule. |
| Active | Option to mark the approval rule record as active. |
| Source | Source table that the approval rule is applied to. Optionally, you can apply an additional condition on the source table. Select a field to filter the source records based on the Applies to table that is to be filled in the approval configuration. |
| Additional condition | Additional filter condition that can be applied on the source table. |
| Query using field | Field that connects the approving table and the source table. |




<!-- Page 317 -->
Approval Rule form (continued)
Field Description
•Scripted approvers: Write a script to
determine approvers. Variables users and
groups are used in the script.
Note: For security reasons, the
Approver Configurator developers
have read and write access to the
Script field on the Approval Rule form.
For more information on setting up the
approval rules, see Set up an approval
rule for the approval level.
Approval required from One or more stakeholders from whom the
approval is required.
Approver type (Approvers selected for the record)
Option 1: Specific approvers When the Approver type is Specific
approvers, the approvers are as follows:
•Users: User reference or list of approvers
from the approver table.
•Group: User group reference as approver
from the approver table.
Option 2: Approver from source When the Approver type is Approver from
source, the approvers are as follows:
•In the Approval required from field, the
available options are:
◦All
◦Anyone
•In the Approvers section, the available
options are:
◦Approvers from
◦User field
◦Group field
Option 3: Dynamic approvers When the Approver type is Dynamic
approvers, the approvers are as follows:
•In the Approval required from field, the
available options are:
◦All
◦Anyone
•In the Approvers section, the available
options are:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3752
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Scripted approvers: Write a script to determine approvers. Variables users and groups are used in the script. Note: For security reasons, the Approver Configurator developers have read and write access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. For more information on setting up the approval rules, see Set up an approval rule for the approval level. |
| Approval required from | One or more stakeholders from whom the approval is required. |
| Approver type (Approvers selected for the record) |  |
| Option 1: Specific approvers | When the Approver type is Specific approvers, the approvers are as follows: •Users: User reference or list of approvers from the approver table. •Group: User group reference as approver from the approver table. |
| Option 2: Approver from source | When the Approver type is Approver from source, the approvers are as follows: •In the Approval required from field, the available options are: ◦All ◦Anyone •In the Approvers section, the available options are: ◦Approvers from ◦User field ◦Group field |

