# Roles installed with GRC: Approver Configurator



<!-- Page 319 -->
Tables configured to work with the GRC: Approver Configurator feature (continued)
Application Table
Policy and Compliance
•sn_compliance_policy
•sn_compliance_policy_exception
Roles installed with GRC: Approver Configurator
Various roles are installed with the activation of the GRC: Approver Configurator application.
Roles installed with GRC: Approver Configurator
Role title [name] Description Contains roles
Approver Configurator admin Create, read, update, and None
delete access to the Approval
[sn_grc_appr.admin] Configuration, Approval
Levels, and Approval Rules
tables.
Note: The Approver
Configurator admin has
read access to the Script
field on the Approval
Rule form.
Approver Configurator Create, read, update, and None
approver delete access to the Approval
tables.
[sn_grc_appr.approver]
Approver Configurator sn_grc_appr.admin
•Create, read, update,
developer
and delete access to the
Approval Configuration,
[sn_grc_appr.developer]
Approval Levels, and
Approval Rules tables.
•Create and write access to
the script field.
Note: The Approver
Configurator developer
has create and write
access to the Script field
on the Approval Rule
form.
Confidential records
You can mark sensitive GRC records as confidential. You can then make sure that the right
people have access to these records.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3754
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Application | Table |
| --- | --- |
| Policy and Compliance | •sn_compliance_policy •sn_compliance_policy_exception |
|  |  |

| Role title [name] | Description | Contains roles |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Approver Configurator admin [sn_grc_appr.admin] | Create, read, update, and delete access to the Approval Configuration, Approval Levels, and Approval Rules tables. Note: The Approver Configurator admin has read access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. | None |
| Approver Configurator approver [sn_grc_appr.approver] | Create, read, update, and delete access to the Approval tables. | None |
| Approver Configurator developer [sn_grc_appr.developer] | •Create, read, update, and delete access to the Approval Configuration, Approval Levels, and Approval Rules tables. •Create and write access to the script field. Note: The Approver Configurator developer has create and write access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. | sn_grc_appr.admin |




<!-- Page 320 -->
You can mark sensitive GRC records as confidential by setting the confidential option for a
record. By doing this action, you can ensure that only certain users or users from specific user
groups can access these confidential records.
Confidentiality property
A new option Enable record level confidentiality is available under GRC
properties at the record level to enable confidentiality.
Important: The Enable record level confidentiality property is turned off
by default. When it is enabled, it can't be turned off again.
The confidential records in GRC are listed under the GRC Confidential module. The GRC
confidential records module is displayed in the application navigator only when you enable the
Enable record level confidentiality property.
Starting with San Diego, the GRC Confidential Records module is available for the Audit
Management, GRC core, Policy and Compliance Management, and Risk Management
applications.
Unmarking confidentiality on the record
When you unmark confidentiality on a record, allowed users and groups on that record will be
removed and all the users will get access to the record based on ACL.
User roles that are required to access the confidential records
Users with the GRC confidential user (sn_grc.confidential_user) role can access the confidential
records. This role is for the users who are not GRC users but who want to access the GRC
confidential records.
Users who have access and who are named in the record continue to have access to the record
with the existing GRC role.
Consider the following examples for different roles:
•You're a risk user and you were given access to a risk record earlier. Now, you're part
of the allowed users list for the same record. Therefore, even if you don't have the
sn_grc.confidential_user role, you can access the record because you had access to this
record earlier and your name is now listed on the allowed users list.
•Your name is listed on the record, but you don't have the sn_grc.confidential_user role. You
must have the sn_grc.confidential_user role first to access the record.
When a record is marked as confidential, an email notification is sent out to the users and the
user group members informing them about the assignment and the roles that are required to
access the record. Every user that is listed in the Allowed users and Allowed groups list gets an
email notification about the assignment of the record.
Confidentiality tab on the form
The Confidentiality tab on the form displays the following lists and options:
•Confidential option: Enabling the Confidential option on the Confidentiality tab displays the
Allowed users and Allowed groups lists as shown in the following figure.
Note: A user with write access to the record can enable the Confidential option.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3755
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 321 -->
Confidentiality field on a form
•Allowed users list: When a record is marked as confidential, only the users in the Allowed users
list have access to the record. A user who is listed in the Allowed users list should either have
read access to the record or have the sn_grc.confidential_user role to access the confidential
records.
The logged-in user who enables the Confidential option gets auto-populated in the Allowed
users list. The user who enables the Confidential option on the tab is auto-appended to the
Allowed users list by default. Those users with write access to the record can unlock and
update the Allowed users list.
Note: There are no restrictions on which users can be added to the Allowed users
list. A user who doesn't have the GRC role should have the sn_grc.confidential_user
role to access the record. An email notification is also sent to the user about the role
requirement.
•Allowed groups list: When a record is marked as confidential, only the users that are listed in
the Allowed groups list have access to the record. Those users with write access to the record
can unlock and update the Allowed groups list.
Note: Confidential records are visible to the users who are listed in the Allowed users or
Allowed groups list. By default, the administrators can also view the confidential records.
If you do not want the administrators to view the confidential records, follow the steps
mentioned in KB1497382 .
Users who don't have the GRC user role but are listed in the Allowed users list or Allowed groups
list can be assigned with the sn_grc.confidential_user role to access the confidential records.
Confidentiality is supported on the following tables.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3756
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| KB1497382 |  |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 322 -->
Tables on which confidentiality is supported
Users that get Groups that get
auto-populated in auto-populated in
Table label Table name Application scope
the allowed users the allowed groups
list list
Audit task sn_audit_task GRC: Audit Assigned To, Not applicable
Management Engineering
lead, Engineering
auditors,
Engineering
approvers
Engagement sn_audit_engagemeGnRtC: Audit Auditors, Not applicable
Management Approvers,
Engagement lead
Evidence request sn_grc_advanced_eGvRidCe:n Acdev_arenscpeodn seRequester, Assignment
task Core Assigned To, Group
Approvers,
Watchlist,
Requested on
behalf of
Issue sn_grc_issue GRC: Profiles Assigned to, Issue Manager
Issue Manager, Group,Assignment
Opened by Group
Observation sn_audit_advancedG_oRbCs: eArdvavtaionnced Owner, Assignment
audit Respondent, Group
Peer Reviewer,
Reviewer, Watch
list Users,
Engagement
lead, Engineering
auditor,
Engineering
approver
Policy exception sn_compliance_polGicRy_Ce:x Pcoelpictyio annd Requester, Approval Group
Conformance Approver, Watch
Management list
Remediation task sn_grc_task GRC: Profiles Assigned to, Not applicable
Watch list, Issue
Manager, Issue
Assigned To
Risk events sn_risk_advanced_GevReCn:t Advanced Current logged Owning group,
Risk in user, Owner, Approval groups
Approver
Disclosure sn_esg_disclosureOperational Logged in Not applicable
Sustainability user, reviewer,
Management assigned to
Material topic sn_esg_material_toOpipcerational Logged in user, Not applicable
Sustainability reviewer
Management
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3757
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table label | Table name | Application scope | Users that get auto-populated in the allowed users list | Groups that get auto-populated in the allowed groups list |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Audit task | sn_audit_task | GRC: Audit Management | Assigned To, Engineering lead, Engineering auditors, Engineering approvers | Not applicable |
| Engagement | sn_audit_engagem | eGnRtC: Audit Management | Auditors, Approvers, Engagement lead | Not applicable |
| Evidence request task | sn_grc_advanced_ | eGvRidCe:n Acdev_arenscpeodn s Core | eRequester, Assigned To, Approvers, Watchlist, Requested on behalf of | Assignment Group |
| Issue | sn_grc_issue | GRC: Profiles | Assigned to, Issue Manager, Opened by | Issue Manager Group,Assignment Group |
| Observation | sn_audit_advance | dG_oRbCs: eArdvavtaionnced audit | Owner, Respondent, Peer Reviewer, Reviewer, Watch list Users, Engagement lead, Engineering auditor, Engineering approver | Assignment Group |
| Policy exception | sn_compliance_po | lGicRy_Ce:x Pcoelpictyio annd Conformance Management | Requester, Approver, Watch list | Approval Group |
| Remediation task | sn_grc_task | GRC: Profiles | Assigned to, Watch list, Issue Manager, Issue Assigned To | Not applicable |
| Risk events | sn_risk_advanced | _GevReCn:t Advanced Risk | Current logged in user, Owner, Approver | Owning group, Approval groups |
| Disclosure | sn_esg_disclosure | Operational Sustainability Management | Logged in user, reviewer, assigned to | Not applicable |
| Material topic | sn_esg_material_t | oOpipcerational Sustainability Management | Logged in user, reviewer | Not applicable |




<!-- Page 323 -->
Tables on which confidentiality is supported (continued)
Users that get Groups that get
auto-populated in auto-populated in
Table label Table name Application scope
the allowed users the allowed groups
list list
Metrics sn_grc_metric Operational Logged in user, Enterprise owner
Sustainability enterprise owner, group, data
Management data owner owner group
Metric definitions sn_grc_metric_definOitpioenrational Logged in user, Enterprise owner
Sustainability enterprise owner, group, data
Management data owner owner group
Composite metric sn_grc_composite_Ompeetrriac_tidoenfianl ition Logged in user, Enterprise owner
definitions Sustainability enterprise owner group
Management
Starting with Utah, confidential configuration for all the default confidentiality enabled
GRC tables except sn_esg_material_topic, sn_grc_metric, sn_grc_metric_definition,
sn_grc_composite_metric_definition, are shipped to sn_grc_confidentiality_configuration table.
You can update and remove the user and group fields that are auto-populated into allowed users
and groups of a record from this configuration.
To know more about the confidentiality feature, see KB1218856 .
Configure confidentiality in your GRC tables
To enable confidentiality in your GRC tables, you must perform additional configuration, such
as updating the client scripts and updating access control lists (ACLs). After you update the
configuration for a specific ServiceNow platform table, the confidentiality functionality can be
used on those table's forms.
For information on how to enable confidentiality in your GRC tables, see KB1497382 .
Note: You must log in to Now Support to view the Knowledge Base articles.
You can also enable Confidentiality on a form in the workspace view as shown in the following
figure.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3758
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table label | Table name | Application scope | Users that get auto-populated in the allowed users list | Groups that get auto-populated in the allowed groups list |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Metrics | sn_grc_metric | Operational Sustainability Management | Logged in user, enterprise owner, data owner | Enterprise owner group, data owner group |
| Metric definitions | sn_grc_metric_defi | nOitpioenrational Sustainability Management | Logged in user, enterprise owner, data owner | Enterprise owner group, data owner group |
| Composite metric definitions | sn_grc_composite | _Ompeetrriac_tidoenfianl ition Sustainability Management | Logged in user, enterprise owner | Enterprise owner group |

