# Configure confidentiality in GRC tables



<!-- Page 324 -->
Confidentiality in the workspace view
Create a confidential record
Create a record and mark it as confidential so that you can make sure that only the users with a
specific role can access it.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin, sn_grc.business_user who has opened the risk event,
sn_audit.user, sn_compliance.user, sn_esg.user, sn_risk.user
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Administration > GRC Properties.
2. Select Yes for Enable record level confidentiality property and select Save.
Perform the following steps by logging in with the sn_grc.business_user role or a module
specific role as defined in the Role required section.
3. Navigate to the record that should be marked as confidential and select Confidentiality tab.
4.On the Confidentiality tab, select the Confidential option.
The Allowed users and Allowed groups lists are displayed. The user who enables the
Confidential option is auto-appended to the Allowed users list by default.
5. To add more users, update the Allowed users list.
Allowed users can update the confidential record.
6.To add more groups, update the Allowed groups list.
Allowed groups can update the confidential record.
7.Select Update.
Result
The selected record is marked as confidential. Only the users who belong to the Allowed users
list or the Allowed groups list can access this confidential record.
Configure confidentiality in GRC tables
You can create a confidentiality configuration record in your GRC tables.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3759
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 325 -->
Before you begin
Before you begin the confidentiality configuration on your table, you must create three new
columns in the table that you want to enable confidentiality in.
Role required: sn_grc.admin.
Fields to enable confidentiality
Type Comments Example column name Description
Boolean Confidential u_confidential Flag that marks or
unmarks whether a
field is confidential.
List, Reference to Allowed users u_allowed_users Field that contains
sys_user table the list of users
who can access the
confidential record.
List, Reference to Allowed groups u_allowed_groups Field that contains
sys_user_group table the list of user groups
who can access the
confidential record.
For more information, see KB1497382 .
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC Administration > Confidentiality Configuration and select New.
2. In the new confidential configuration form, fill in the fields that are required for enabling
confidentiality for the GRC tables.
For more information about the fields, see Confidentiality configuration form.
Confidentiality configuration record
3. Select Submit.
Result
Confidentiality is enabled for the GRC table that you selected.
Confidentiality configuration form
The Confidentiality configuration form is used for the configuration of the confidential records for
your GRC tables.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3760
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Type | Comments | Example column name | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Boolean | Confidential | u_confidential | Flag that marks or unmarks whether a field is confidential. |
| List, Reference to sys_user table | Allowed users | u_allowed_users | Field that contains the list of users who can access the confidential record. |
| List, Reference to sys_user_group table | Allowed groups | u_allowed_groups | Field that contains the list of user groups who can access the confidential record. |

