# Configuring confidential inheritance in your tables



<!-- Page 326 -->
Confidentiality configuration form
Field Description
Table Table that you want to add the Confidentiality
feature in.
Field for confidentiality
Boolean field where you can enable for
confidentiality in.
Field for Allowed users Field where you can add the allowed users
who can access the confidential records.
Field for Allowed groups Field where you can add the user groups that
are allowed to access the confidential records.
Populate allowed users from
Field where the allowed users are
automatically filled in based on the list of
columns in the GRC tables.
Populate allowed groups from
Field where the allowed user groups are
automatically filled in based on the list of
columns in the GRC tables.
Note: Populate allowed users from and Populate allowed groups from fields appear
only when the Auto-populate field is selected.
Configuring confidential inheritance in your tables
You can set up confidentiality inheritance in the tables that are already configured in the
confidentiality configuration module. In the GRC application, whenever a parent record is
marked or unmarked as confidential, its related table records are also marked or unmarked as
confidential.
When you mark an issue as confidential, a related remediation task is automatically marked
as confidential. For example, let's look at issue A. Issue A has the remediation tasks P, Q,
and R. If issue A is marked as confidential, the remediation tasks P, Q, and R are also marked
as confidential. The allowed users and groups are automatically appended based on the
remediation task's confidentiality configuration record. Issue A's allowed users and groups are
automatically appended to the inherited records P, Q, and R.
When an issue's confidentiality is unmarked, the corresponding confidentiality of a remediation
task is also unmarked. Let's look at issue A again. Remember that issue A has the remediation
tasks P, Q, and R. If the confidentiality is unmarked for issue A, then a dialog box appears with a
question about whether it's okay to unmark the confidentiality for all the related tasks P, Q, and R
or only for issue A. Based on what the selection is in the following example, the related records
are unmarked as confidential.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3761
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Table that you want to add the Confidentiality feature in. |
| Field for confidentiality | Boolean field where you can enable for confidentiality in. |
| Field for Allowed users | Field where you can add the allowed users who can access the confidential records. |
| Field for Allowed groups | Field where you can add the user groups that are allowed to access the confidential records. |
| Populate allowed users from | Field where the allowed users are automatically filled in based on the list of columns in the GRC tables. |
| Populate allowed groups from | Field where the allowed user groups are automatically filled in based on the list of columns in the GRC tables. |




<!-- Page 327 -->
Unmark confidentiality
As shown in the example dialog box, if Include downstream records was selected, then the
confidentiality is unmarked for all the downstream records. If Only this record was selected, the
confidentiality is unmarked for that single record only.
If you have access to the related confidential records and remove the confidentiality for a parent
record, then the related records are also non-confidential.
Note: An inheritance configuration should exist between the parent and inherited tables.
Examples of confidentiality inheritance
Inheritance works only at the point of marking a parent record as confidential. Let's look at the
following two examples:
1.When a parent record is marked as confidential, the related non-confidential records are also
marked as confidential due to the inherited configuration. But, if a related record is added later,
it isn’t automatically marked as confidential.
2. Whenever confidentiality is marked on a parent record and the inheritance isn’t passed to the
related records, the changes that are made later to the allowed users and groups of the parent
record are not inherited in the related records.
For more information about the confidentiality inheritance configuration, see KB1213404 You
must log in to the Now Support to view the Knowledge Base articles.
Create confidentiality inheritance
Create confidentiality inheritance in the tables that are already configured in the confidentiality
configuration module. In the GRC application, whenever a parent record is marked or unmarked
as confidential, its related table records are also marked or unmarked as confidential, if an
inheritance record is also set up.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC Administration > Confidentiality Configuration.
2. Select the table that you want to configure the inheritance in.
3. In the Confidentiality inheritance configurations related list, select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
The following example shows how to configure the confidentiality inheritance. For more
information about the fields, see Confidentiality Inheritance Configuration form.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3762
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 328 -->
Confidentiality inheritance configuration
5. Select Submit.
Note:
This configuration doesn't affect the existing confidentiality of the records in the parent
and inheriting tables.
Only records that are marked as Active support the inheritance.
Result
A new inheritance configuration record is created under the confidentiality inheritance
configuration related list.
Confidentiality Inheritance Configuration form
Use the Confidentiality Inheritance Configuration form in the GRC application to create the
inheritance configuration record.
Confidentiality Inheritance Configuration form
Field Description
Active Option that when selected marks the
inheriting tables of the main table as
confidential.
Main table Main table that shows the table that is
selected in the confidentiality configurations.
Inheriting table Table that has records where the
confidentiality is marked or unmarked.
Select relation type Relation types that exist between the main
and inheriting table.
Select relationship table Option to select a relationship table. The
Select relationship table field appears only
when you select the relation type as Many to
Many or Scripted relationship.
Select reference to main table from Reference to the main table and inherited
relationship/inheriting table tables.
Note: If only one relationship exists between the main table and the inheriting table fields
of the form, the remaining fields are automatically filled in and hidden on the form.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3763
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Active | Option that when selected marks the inheriting tables of the main table as confidential. |
| Main table | Main table that shows the table that is selected in the confidentiality configurations. |
| Inheriting table | Table that has records where the confidentiality is marked or unmarked. |
| Select relation type | Relation types that exist between the main and inheriting table. |
| Select relationship table | Option to select a relationship table. The Select relationship table field appears only when you select the relation type as Many to Many or Scripted relationship. |
| Select reference to main table from relationship/inheriting table | Reference to the main table and inherited tables. |

