# User hierarchy



<!-- Page 329 -->
User hierarchy
With a user hierarchy, your managers can see the records of those users who report to them.
The user hierarchy is based on the configuration in the sys_user table. The user hierarchy is
stored separately for the GRC tables.
To understand how a user hierarchy works, let's look at the following example. Users Abel and
Jack report to Adam. Adam reports to Daniel. With a user hierarchy, Adam can view the work
performed by Abel and Jack. Similarly, Daniel can view the work performed by Adam, Abel, and
Jack.
Let's see another example of a manager and a user hierarchy.
Manager and user hierarchy
In this example, the sales manager can see the data that the sales team has submitted. The VP of
sales can see the data or reports that are submitted by the sales managers and the sales team.
The VP of service can see the data that is submitted by the service managers and the support
team. The CEO of the organization can see the work performed by both sales and service teams.
Enabling the properties for the user hierarchy functionality
As a GRC administrator, you can enable the following properties under the GRC properties
module in an instance.
User hierarchy properties
Property Action
Enable user hierarchy access
control Enable the user hierarchy functionality by
selecting the Yes option on the Enable
user hierarchy access control
property. This property is turned off by default.
After you enable this property, you can also
turn it off again.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3764
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Action |
| --- | --- |
| Enable user hierarchy access control | Enable the user hierarchy functionality by selecting the Yes option on the Enable user hierarchy access control property. This property is turned off by default. After you enable this property, you can also turn it off again. |




<!-- Page 330 -->
User hierarchy properties (continued)
Property Action
Frequency of user hierarchy
recalculation Use the Frequency of user
hierarchy recalculation property to
calculate the user hierarchy for all the records
in the sn_grc_user_hierarchy_configuration
table. The property is set to Weekly by default.
To calculate the user hierarchy for the
records at different intervals, select
sn_grc.user_hierarchy_sync_frequency
and change the schedule from Weekly to
Daily or Monthly.
Maximum batch size while
recalculating hierarchy for Use the Maximum batch size while
user hierarchy records recalculating hierarchy for
user hierarchy records property to
process the records in a maximum batch size
so that you can recalculate the user hierarchy
of the records. This property is set to 1000 by
default.
To recalculate the user hierarchy of the
records, select the property and update the
maximum batch size to an integer value.
Note: After you enable the user hierarchy properties, the user hierarchy functionality is
supported only in certain sets of tables. You can learn more about these tables in the next
section.
Tables that are used to support the user hierarchy functionality
The following tables are used to support the user hierarchy functionality.
Tables that are used to support the user hierarchy functionality
Table Description
sn_grc_hierarchy Table that maintains the hierarchy of the users.
sn_grc_user_hierarchy Table that displays the name of the user,
the managerial hierarchy, and the last
synchronized details. As a user with the
sn_grc.user_hierarchy_reader role, you can
read the records in this table. No other user
can manually create, update, or delete the
records in this table.
sn_grc_user_hierarchy_configuration Table that contains a separate record for
each table where the user hierarchy access
control is enabled. As a GRC administrator,
you can manually create and delete the
records in this table. As a user with the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3765
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Action |
| --- | --- |
| Frequency of user hierarchy recalculation | Use the Frequency of user hierarchy recalculation property to calculate the user hierarchy for all the records in the sn_grc_user_hierarchy_configuration table. The property is set to Weekly by default. To calculate the user hierarchy for the records at different intervals, select sn_grc.user_hierarchy_sync_frequ and change the schedule from Weekly to Daily or Monthly. |
| Maximum batch size while recalculating hierarchy for user hierarchy records | Use the Maximum batch size while recalculating hierarchy for user hierarchy records property to process the records in a maximum batch size so that you can recalculate the user hierarchy of the records. This property is set to 1000 by default. To recalculate the user hierarchy of the records, select the property and update the maximum batch size to an integer value. |

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| sn_grc_hierarchy | Table that maintains the hierarchy of the users. |
| sn_grc_user_hierarchy | Table that displays the name of the user, the managerial hierarchy, and the last synchronized details. As a user with the sn_grc.user_hierarchy_reader role, you can read the records in this table. No other user can manually create, update, or delete the records in this table. |

