# Create a user hierarchy configuration record



<!-- Page 331 -->
Tables that are used to support the user hierarchy functionality (continued)
Table Description
sn_grc.user_hierarchy_admin role, you can
also read or update the records in this table.
User hierarchy configurations module
The User hierarchy configuration module is displayed in your instance only after you enable
the user hierarchy properties. The User hierarchy configuration module, which is shown in the
following example, lists the tables on which you have enabled the user hierarchy functionality.
User hierarchy configuration module
Access control lists (ACLs): By default, a few access control lists are shipped with the GRC
application, and they are stored in the sys_security_acl table. You can define a filter condition to
check if the user hierarchy access control is enabled. You can create your own access control
lists depending on your configuration and requirements.
For information on how to configure the user hierarchy access control on your custom tables, see
KB1095957 .
Note: You must log in to Now Support to view the Knowledge Base articles.
Create a user hierarchy configuration record
Create a user hierarchy configuration record for a table so that you can enable your managers to
view the records of the users who report to them.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC User Hierarchy > User hierarchy configuration.
The tables where you have enabled the user hierarchy access control are displayed.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
User hierarchy configuration form
Field Description
Table Table that you can use to configure the user
hierarchy. For example, Issue [sn_grc_issue].
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3766
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | sn_grc.user_hierarchy_admin role, you can also read or update the records in this table. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Table that you can use to configure the user hierarchy. For example, Issue [sn_grc_issue]. |

