# User group-based access on the GRC tables



<!-- Page 332 -->
Field Description
Active Option to enable the user hierarchy. When
you enable this option, the user hierarchy
functionality is enabled on the table records.
User reference field 1 Field that corresponds to User reference
field 1 in the user table. For example, you can
select the value of the User reference field 1
as Assignee or Assigned to.
User reference field 2 Field that corresponds to User reference
field 1 in the user table. For example, you can
select the value of the User reference field 2
as Approver or Issue manager.
User hierarchy field 1 Field to configure the user hierarchy for User
reference field 1.
User hierarchy field 2 Field to configure the user hierarchy for User
reference field 2.
User hierarchy status field
Field that represents the status of the user
hierarchy processing for the selected table.
Triggered event Event that is used to recalculate the user
hierarchy in the source table records.
4.Click Submit.
User group-based access on the GRC tables
You can allow a set of users to access only specific records by creating user groups on the GRC
tables. When you have created the user groups, you can segregate your data based on a specific
criteria and allow only those users who belong to a user group to view the data.
Note: User group-based access is not enabled on any ServiceNow tables as part of the
base system. To implement the feature and to configure the Access groups option on any
GRC form, follow the steps listed in the KB1514113 .
To view the Access groups option on the respective tables where you have configured user
group-based access, you must enable the Enable access groups property in the GRC
Properties module.
The following example shows the Access groups option in the form that appears when you
enable user group-based access. The layout of the form depends on your configuration.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3767
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Active | Option to enable the user hierarchy. When you enable this option, the user hierarchy functionality is enabled on the table records. |
| User reference field 1 | Field that corresponds to User reference field 1 in the user table. For example, you can select the value of the User reference field 1 as Assignee or Assigned to. |
| User reference field 2 | Field that corresponds to User reference field 1 in the user table. For example, you can select the value of the User reference field 2 as Approver or Issue manager. |
| User hierarchy field 1 | Field to configure the user hierarchy for User reference field 1. |
| User hierarchy field 2 | Field to configure the user hierarchy for User reference field 2. |
| User hierarchy status field | Field that represents the status of the user hierarchy processing for the selected table. |
| Triggered event | Event that is used to recalculate the user hierarchy in the source table records. |

| KB1514113 |  |
| --- | --- |

