# Content references in GRC



<!-- Page 333 -->
Access groups option in the form
When a value is selected for the Access groups list, only the members of the groups that are
mentioned in the list can access the data within the same role.
For example, consider this scenario. Within the Risk Managers access group, you have two
managers who can work on a financial risk and other managers who can work on an operational
risk. By giving the same risk manager role to all the managers in this access group, the first two
managers can be assigned to the financial group and the other managers can be assigned to the
operational risk group.
Content references in GRC
You can add tags to virtually any type of record defined in GRC applications that reference
GRC content packs, integrations, use case accelerators, or any new regulations that use those
records. After the records have been tagged, you can filter the content reference tags to identify
which records are used within each application.
For example, you can tag all SOX control objectives that are scoped for the NIST RMF integration.
You can also create reports that show relevant records that are tagged for specific integrations,
use case accelerators, and so forth.
After records have been tagged, you can access all of the content references used within a
specific GRC application by viewing the Content References module under each. In Policy
and Compliance, for example, you can view all tagged records for the GDPR DPIA use case
accelerator in a series of related lists.
Content reference list
After selecting GDPR DPIA, a series of related lists show all records tagged with content
references to the GDPR DPIA Use Case Accelerator.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3768
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
