# Add content reference tags to records



<!-- Page 334 -->
Content references for GDPR DPIA
Records you can tag with content references
In the GRC Audit Management, Policy and Compliance Management, and Risk Management
applications, you can tag any of the following types of records.
Note: Not all of these records are available within each of the GRC applications listed
above The related lists displayed in each of the applications, however, include all of the
record types regardless of whether they are available.
•Authority Documents
•Citations
•Control Objectives
•Controls
•Engagements
•Entity Types
•Entities
•Indicator Templates
•Indicators
•Metric Types
•Dashboards
•Policies
•Policy Exceptions
•Reports
•Risk Frameworks
•Risk Statements
•Risks
•Test Plans
•Test Templates
Add content reference tags to records
As you're analyzing any of the many types of records available in GRC applications, it is easy
to add a content reference tag so the record can be included when you perform searches for
records associated with a given integration, content pack, use case accelerator, and so forth.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3769
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 335 -->
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to Policy and Compliance > Policy Exceptions > My Policy Exceptions, and open a
specific policy exception record.
If you are already working within a specific GRC application, open the record to which you want
to add a content reference tag. Otherwise, navigate to the record.
Note: For the sake of example, a Policy Exception record is used to illustrate how to add
a content reference to a GRC record.
2. Scroll down and select the Content References related list.
3. Select Edit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3770
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
