# Create content reference tags



<!-- Page 336 -->
4.Select Save.
Move the integrations, use case accelerators, and so forth to which you want to associate with
this policy exception record from the Collection box to the Content References List, then
select Save. In this example, policy exception record PER0000105 has been tagged as being
associated with the NIST RMF Use Case Accelerator.
5. Navigate to the Content References module under that application and select the associated
use case accelerator.
To view all records tagged for a specific use case accelerator within a specific GRC application,
For example, to see all records tagged with content references in Risk Management for the
SOX content pack, navigate to Risk > Administration > Content References, and select SOX.
6.Select any of the related lists that show a number to see the records tagged as content
references for SOX.
Create content reference tags
You can define new content reference tags, as needed, to accommodate new regulations as they
arise. You can define new tags in any GRC application, and they are then available in all GRC
applications.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to the Content References module in any GRC application.
For example, you can navigate to All > Audit > Administration > Content References
2. Select New.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3771
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
