# Entity Based Access



<!-- Page 337 -->
3. Provide a Name, Version number, and Description for the new tag.
Note: The Version number can be the software version released from the ServiceNow
Store
4.Select Submit.
The new content reference tag is added to the list and is available from the Content Reference
module in the GRC Audit Management, Policy and Compliance Management, and Risk
Management applications.
Entity Based Access
The Entity Based Access (EBA) application enables you to segregate data on the records that
are based on entities. Entity-based access administrators can use this tool to set up secure,
controlled access to various objects.
Entity Based Access overview
Before the Yokohama release, user restrictions were based only on their roles within the system
without consideration for their geographical locations or specific functions. Access to objects like
risks, controls, and issues was broadly managed. For example, a risk manager in North America
had access to risk records across all regions, not just their own.
From the Yokohama release onwards, Entity Based Access facilitates object access via entities.
You can map entities to specific users or user groups, enabling you with a granular level of
access control.
With Entity Based Access, you can segregate data and manage access to help ensure that users
can only access permitted data through entity-based access. Your administrators can grant
access to an entity’s related records. They can add users or user groups for access. Access
can also be granted through entity user fields or entity user group fields, minimizing the risk of
unnecessary data exposure.
To use the Entity Based Access configuration, navigate to Entity Based Access Configurations
in an instance.
Key features of Entity Based Access
Key features of the Entity Based Access configuration include:
•Detailed control over access to various objects via entities within the system.
•Versatile configuration options. For example, you can configure Entity Based Access within
an entity hierarchy to restrict access to the entity and its downstream related records or
across a group of entities by using an entity class or entity type. With bulk access update
configurations, you can apply access restrictions selectively to scoped records. You can
implement access restrictions gradually to help ensure smooth adoption without operational
disruptions.
•Access that is provided by including specific user field or user group fields in the entity-based
access configuration. Users who are part of the configuration get dynamic access to the
records.
Key points to note about Entity Based Access
Entity Based Access restricts access to records to users based on the configuration as shown in
the following diagram:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3772
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
