# Sample use case scenarios



<!-- Page 338 -->
Entity-based access security flow
The details about the entity-based access security flow are:
•If User Hierarchy Access or User Group Access is enabled, you can't use Entity Based Access.
•Confidential users can continue to access the confidential records whether they’re or not part
of the entity-based access configuration.
Important:
•For information about the performance limitations, see KB2069935 .
•For information on how to use Entity Based Access on custom tables, see the steps in
KB1646304 .
•For information about the limitations of Entity Based Access, see https://
support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB2054513 .
Sample use case scenarios
Use case scenarios offer a clear and comprehensive explanation of why you would use the Entity
Based Access application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3773
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 339 -->
Use case scenario overview
ExampleCo is a multinational organization with operations that span the American and Asian
continents. The company specializes in the insurance and banking industries. The following
example shows the organizational hierarchy of this company.
Organizational hierarchy of ExampleCo
Use case scenario 1
System administrator, the Head of Asia Operations, needs access to emails that are specific to
the Asian continent.
To achieve this result, you use the Entity Based Access application to configure an entity-based
access restriction that applies to users. Then, you apply an entity-based access restriction at a
record level by using the bulk access update configuration.
You would then select Email and map it to System Administrator in the entity configuration.
Alternatively, you could map it to a user group that Abel is a part of. The following example shows
that Abel is granted with access to all the records in the Asian continent.
Entity configuration for a user
Use case scenario 2
A second use case scenario involves granting Beth Anglin, the Operations Head of the Facility
domain, with access exclusively to banking-related records.
To achieve this result, you use the Entity Based Access application to configure the entity class
configuration and applicable users. The entity class denotes a group of records that the access
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3774
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
