# User roles for Entity Based Access



<!-- Page 340 -->
restriction can be applied to. Then, you apply an entity-based access restriction at a record level
by using the bulk access update configuration.
You select the Facility Banking entity class and map it to Beth. Alternatively, you could map it to a
user group where Beth is a part of. The following example shows that the Banking entity class is
mapped to Beth.
Entity class configuration for a user
User roles for Entity Based Access
Users with specific user roles have access to read or update the Entity Based Access
configuration or the bulk access update configuration.
Entity Based Access user roles
User role Description
sn_grc_ent_access.admin Role that is part of the Entity Based Access
application.
Assign this role to users who need to enable
or disable the Entity based access on record
types related to entity property and configure
Entity Based Access.
sn_grc_ent_access.reader Role that is part of the Entity Based Access
application.
Assign this role to users who require
read access to the Entity Based Access
configuration.
sn_grc_ent_access.bulk_access_config_admin Role that is part of the Entity Based Access
application.
Assign this role to users who need write and
update access to the bulk access update
configuration.
sn_grc_ent_access.bulk_access_config_reader Role that is part of the Entity Based Access
application.
Assign this role to users who require
read access to the bulk access update
configuration.
sn_grc.eba_restriction_field_editor Role that is part of the Entity Based Access
application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3775
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| User role | Description |
| --- | --- |
| sn_grc_ent_access.admin | Role that is part of the Entity Based Access application. Assign this role to users who need to enable or disable the Entity based access on record types related to entity property and configure Entity Based Access. |
| sn_grc_ent_access.reader | Role that is part of the Entity Based Access application. Assign this role to users who require read access to the Entity Based Access configuration. |
| sn_grc_ent_access.bulk_access_config_admin | Role that is part of the Entity Based Access application. Assign this role to users who need write and update access to the bulk access update configuration. |
| sn_grc_ent_access.bulk_access_config_reader | Role that is part of the Entity Based Access application. Assign this role to users who require read access to the bulk access update configuration. |

