# Entity based record access update utility



<!-- Page 341 -->
Entity Based Access user roles (continued)
User role Description
Assign this role to users who require write and
update access to the Entity based access
restriction field on issue records.
Excluded roles
User role Description
sn_grc_reg_change.user Regulatory change management user. This
role is excluded from the Entity Based Access
configuration.
sn_ai_governance.ai_steward The AI steward role. This role is excluded from
the Entity Based Access configuration.
Entity based record access update utility
The entity based record access update utility is a guided assistance, designed to simplify the
application of enabling or disabling access restrictions across large volumes of records.
The guided assistance provides a user-friendly, step-by-step interface that enables authorized
users to configure and execute bulk updates in a consistent and auditable manner. It supports
dynamic scoping, conditional filtering, and real-time feedback, promoting a controlled and
transparent update process. This utility helps scale access management efforts efficiently. It
improves overall operational efficiency and strengthens governance.
The bulk record access update process follows a four-step process, designed for clarity and
control:
1.Scope entities – In this step, you select the entities, entity classes, or entity types whose
associated records are impacted by the utility. Entities can include individuals, departments,
processes, systems, or applications. This step helps ensure that the update is focused on the
selected entities' related records.
2. Scope related record types – You define the selected entities' related records. Record types
can include risks, controls, or any other scoped tables that support entity-based access. This
granular scoping helps prevent unintended updates and help apply entity-based access
restrictions in a phased manner. You can define conditions optionally to narrow the scope
further. The entity scoped in the previous step acts as a primary filter, and you can add more
filters.
3. Preview record counts (optional) – Before execution, you’re presented with a summary
preview of your selections. This step includes the selected record types and their secondary
information with impacted record counts. The system prompts you to review and confirm the
potential impact based on scope. You can set access using the enable or disable access
restrictions buttons.
4.View results – See the result of the entity-based record access update with a count of the
records updated.
After confirmation, the system executes the update job in a controlled and asynchronous
manner. You can see the results after the job execution is completed. You can see the log data
specific to the configuration record.
The update states the system supports are as follows:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3776
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| User role | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Assign this role to users who require write and update access to the Entity based access restriction field on issue records. |

| User role | Description |
| --- | --- |
| sn_grc_reg_change.user | Regulatory change management user. This role is excluded from the Entity Based Access configuration. |
| sn_ai_governance.ai_steward | The AI steward role. This role is excluded from the Entity Based Access configuration. |

