# Deactivating entity-based access configuration



<!-- Page 343 -->
Key Benefit
Enabling record attribute user access ensures that users and groups referenced on records
retain access even when entity-based access restrictions are applied. This prevents disruption
and maintains seamless access control during data segregation.
Deactivating entity-based access configuration
Deactivating entity-based access (EBA) not only disables the configuration but also streamlines
admin workflows by automating record-level access evaluation.
When you initiate the deactivation of an EBA configuration, the system performs an evaluation.
It assesses whether the selected configuration is the only active one influencing the access
restrictions of associated entity records. If it’s identified as the sole active configuration, the
system automatically disables the corresponding EBA restrictions at the record-level. This action
removes outdated access controls and saves administrators from performing manual updates.
If other active configurations exist, the system retains EBA restrictions and restricts access only
for users linked to the configuration being deactivated. This conditional approach helps ensure
that deactivation actions don’t inadvertently affect other active access controls.
Benefits of automating deactivation process
•Reduces manual administrative effort by automating impact evaluation.
•Enhances consistency in releasing record-level access restrictions where applicable.
•Minimizes the risk of unintentional data exposure or access gaps during configuration
changes.
Configuring Entity Based Access
Configure the Entity Based Access application by installing it from the ServiceNow Store and by
setting up Entity Based Access properties in the instance.
Install the Entity Based Access application
Install the GRC: Entity Based Access application.
Before you begin
Make sure that you have an instance with Yokohama Patch 3 release or a later release.
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System definition > Plugins.
2. Find the Entity Based Access application by using the filter criteria and search bar.
3. Select a version from the list and select Install.
4.If you're prompted, follow the links to the ServiceNow Store to get any additional entitlements
for dependencies.
5. Optional: If demo data is available and you want to install it, select the Load demo data check
box.
Demo data are the sample records that describe application features for common use cases.
Load the demo data when you first install the application on a development or test instance.
6.Select Install.
The Entity Based Access application is available in your instance.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3778
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 344 -->
Set up Entity Based Access properties
Enable or disable the Entity Based Access properties to control access to the objects that are
associated with an entity.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc_ent_access.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Entity Based Access Configurations > Properties.
The properties in the following table are displayed.
Entity Based Access properties
Property Options Description
Entity-based access on Enable Option for Entity Based
record types related to entity Access. By default,
[sn_grc_ent_access.enable_entity_based_accesss] entity-based access is
turned off. Entity-based
access administrators are
responsible for activating
these properties for users.
Enable data filters on Yes or No Option for enabling data
record types consuming filters on record types. By
entity-based access default, entity-based access
[sn_grc_ent_access.enable_datafilters_for_eba] is Yes. Enabling this property
filters the records based
on the entity-based access
configuration.
2. Select Save.
Based on your selected settings, the entity-based access properties are configured in your
system.
3. Navigate to the record that you want to set up entity-based access for.
4.On the Access settings tab, select Entity based access restriction.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3779
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Property | Options | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Entity-based access on record types related to entity [sn_grc_ent_access.enable_en | Enable tity_based_accesss] | Option for Entity Based Access. By default, entity-based access is turned off. Entity-based access administrators are responsible for activating these properties for users. |
| Enable data filters on record types consuming entity-based access [sn_grc_ent_access.enable_da | Yes or No tafilters_for_eba] | Option for enabling data filters on record types. By default, entity-based access is Yes. Enabling this property filters the records based on the entity-based access configuration. |

