# Manage issues



<!-- Page 353 -->
Domain Table name
sn_grc_ai_gov_ai_system_task (secondary
table)
GRC Risk
sn_risk_risk (primary table)
sn_risk_response_task (secondary table)
sn_risk_response_sub_task (secondary table)
GRC Advanced Risk sn_risk_advanced_event (primary table)
sn_risk_advanced_risk_identification (primary
table)
sn_risk_advanced_risk_assessment_project
(secondary table)
sn_risk_advanced_risk_assessment_instance
(secondary table)
GRC Compliance sn_complaince_control (primary table)
GRC Audit sn_audit_engagement (primary table)
sn_audit_control_test (secondary table)
sn_audit_test_plan (secondary table)
sn_audit_advanced_observation (primary
table)
GRC Profiles sn_grc_issue (primary table)
sn_grc_task (secondary table)
sn_grc_indicator (secondary table)
sn_grc_indicator_task (secondary table)
asmt_assessment_instance (secondary table)
GRC Metrics sn_grc_metric_metric (primary table)
sn_grc_metric_metric_data (secondary table)
sn_grc_metric_metric_data_task (secondary
table)
GRC Advanced Core sn_grc_advanced_triage (primary table)
Manage issues
You can measure the effectiveness of your company's risk management program by how quickly
and completely it identifies and reacts to risk and compliance issues.
Issues can be submitted using two methods, depending on the type of user involved:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3788
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Domain | Table name |
| --- | --- |
|  | sn_grc_ai_gov_ai_system_task (secondary table) |
| GRC Risk | sn_risk_risk (primary table) |
|  | sn_risk_response_task (secondary table) |
|  | sn_risk_response_sub_task (secondary table) |
| GRC Advanced Risk | sn_risk_advanced_event (primary table) |
|  | sn_risk_advanced_risk_identification (primary table) |
|  | sn_risk_advanced_risk_assessment_project (secondary table) |
|  | sn_risk_advanced_risk_assessment_instance (secondary table) |
| GRC Compliance | sn_complaince_control (primary table) |
| GRC Audit | sn_audit_engagement (primary table) |
|  | sn_audit_control_test (secondary table) |
|  | sn_audit_test_plan (secondary table) |
|  | sn_audit_advanced_observation (primary table) |
| GRC Profiles | sn_grc_issue (primary table) |
|  | sn_grc_task (secondary table) |
|  | sn_grc_indicator (secondary table) |
|  | sn_grc_indicator_task (secondary table) |
|  | asmt_assessment_instance (secondary table) |
| GRC Metrics | sn_grc_metric_metric (primary table) |
|  | sn_grc_metric_metric_data (secondary table) |
|  | sn_grc_metric_metric_data_task (secondary table) |
| GRC Advanced Core | sn_grc_advanced_triage (primary table) |




<!-- Page 354 -->
•Employees and business users within your company can self-identify an issue and submit it via®
the ServiceNow Service Portal. Following submission, a triage issue is automatically created
and the issue triage process begins.
•GRC users can manually create an issue from within their instance to document audit
observations and remediations, and compliance and risk issues.
Note: Various types of issues can also be automatically generated under the following
conditions (these types of issues are not triaged):
•Control issue: Created when a control attestation is completed, indicating that the control
is not implemented, or when an indicator fails.
•Control test issue: Created when a control test is closed complete with the control
effectiveness set to Ineffective.
Goals of issue management
The goals of issue management include:
•Eliminating noise.
•Consolidating duplicate issues.
•Focusing on issues that expose the organization to the greatest risk.
•Identifying and prioritizing remediation actions.
•Identifying new issues across the business operations.
•Analyzing operational weakness in policies, processes, and controls.
Issue management workflow and life cycle
By remediating issues, controls can be kept compliant, and risk can be mitigated. The Issue
Management workflow and life cycle are illustrated and described here.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3789
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 355 -->
Issue Management workflow
Issue Management life cycle
Stage Description
Issue intake As described earlier, issues can be submitted
using two methods, depending on the type of
user involved:
•Employees and business users within your
company can self-identify an issue and®
submit it via the ServiceNow Service Portal.
Following submission, a triage issue is
automatically created and the issue triage
process begins.
•GRC users can manually create an issue
from within their instance. These types of
issues are not triaged.
Investigate the issue During the investigation phase, it is
determined whether the issue requires
additional study. If a triage is being performed,
the triage issue is assigned to a triage team
for analysis. The triage team may request
more information from the issue creator. The
team can also optionally send the issue to the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3790
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Stage | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Issue intake | As described earlier, issues can be submitted using two methods, depending on the type of user involved: •Employees and business users within your company can self-identify an issue and ® submit it via the ServiceNow Service Portal. Following submission, a triage issue is automatically created and the issue triage process begins. •GRC users can manually create an issue from within their instance. These types of issues are not triaged. |

