# Issues in the Workspace



<!-- Page 356 -->
Issue Management life cycle (continued)
Stage Description
compliance manager, risk manager, or triage
manager with a triage result.
Remediate the issue After the team has confirmed the issue, the
necessary steps to remediate it are performed.
If a triage was performed, the triage issue is
converted into an actual issue or risk event.
The team may also decide to track the issue as
a recommendation or close it as a non-issue.
Review and monitor the issue Prior to closing the issue, the policy owner
reviews and approves it. The review also
allows the organization to:
•track past due tasks
•benchmark issue timelines
•identify where losses could have been
mitigated
•reduce gaps in the future
Issues in the Workspace
You can track all your issues or one specific issue from the Workspace. Issues are listed under
the Issues module in the list view of the Workspace.
Issue overview page
The issue form displays the details about your issues. You can see information about an issue's
description, state, status, work notes, and what activity has occurred so far. The information
about an issue is organized in different tabs such as the Overview tab and the Details tab as
shown in the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3791
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Stage | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | compliance manager, risk manager, or triage manager with a triage result. |
| Remediate the issue | After the team has confirmed the issue, the necessary steps to remediate it are performed. If a triage was performed, the triage issue is converted into an actual issue or risk event. The team may also decide to track the issue as a recommendation or close it as a non-issue. |
| Review and monitor the issue | Prior to closing the issue, the policy owner reviews and approves it. The review also allows the organization to: •track past due tasks •benchmark issue timelines •identify where losses could have been mitigated •reduce gaps in the future |




<!-- Page 357 -->
Issue Overview Page
In the Details tab, you can find information about the issue, assignment, schedule, issue
grouping, action plan, confidentiality, and activity and settings.
Note: The details section has been removed from the Details tab.
Associating objects that are related to an issue
GRC user or business user or business user lite of Issue personas can associate objects,
such as the control, risk, risk event, entities, engagements, control objectives, risk statements,
policies, authority documents, or processing activities, or remove the existing objects that are
related to the issue.
For example, consider an entity that you can select as a related list. You can either add the other
related entities or remove the existing entities by using the Add or Remove UI buttons of the
entity form.
The related lists on the issue form display the dependencies that are related to the issues. The
following table lists a description of the tabs and sidebar on the Issue form.
Tabs and sidebar on the Issue form
Tab Description
Overview Overview of an issue, such as the description,
state, status, work notes, and activity.
Details Details about an issue, such as the
assignment, schedule, issue grouping, action
plan, confidentiality, activity, settings, and
work notes. The Issue grouping section
provides grouping information, such as Parent
issue and Issue group rule. When advanced
Issue grouping is enabled, it shows Group
level field, indicating whether it’s a parent,
child, or standalone issue. It also shows the
Management method field, indicating whether
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3792
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Overview | Overview of an issue, such as the description, state, status, work notes, and activity. |




<!-- Page 358 -->
Tabs and sidebar on the Issue form (continued)
Tab Description
it’s managed from parent or child issues
individually.
Highlighted details Highlighted information, such as the issue
source, issue type, issue rating, priority,
effects, related to, and hierarchy.
Affects Entities that are affected by this issue.
Related to Count of the different objects that are affected
by this issue such as the controls, risks,
policies, authority documents, engagements,
regulatory change tasks, remediation tasks,
and risk events.
Hierarchy Issue hierarchy.
The following table lists the related lists in the Issues section.
Related lists in the Issues section
Related lists Description
Remediation tasks Details of the remediation tasks, such as the
name, number, state, assigned to, priority,
planned end date, and actual date.
Task SLAs Details of the task service level agreements
(SLAs), such as the SLA definition, type, target,
stage, business time left, business-elapsed
time, business elapsed percentage, start time,
and stop time.
Issues Details of the related issues, such as the
name, number, issue source, issue type, state,
issue manager, assigned to, priority, and due
date.
Indicator results Details of the indicator results, such as the
name, result, indicator, and data owner.
Control tests Details of the control tests, such as the name,
number, parent, assigned to, state, planned
start date, and planned end date.
Issue triages Issue triages details, such as the name,
number, source, issue type, state, substate,
triage owner, and reviewer.
Policy exceptions Details of the policy exceptions, such as the
name, number, requester, reason, policy,
control objective, state, substate, valid from,
valid to, and risk rating.
Evidence Details of Evidence, such as the name,
number, evidence for, request reason, state,
substate, requester, assigned to, and due date.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3793
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | it’s managed from parent or child issues individually. |
| Highlighted details | Highlighted information, such as the issue source, issue type, issue rating, priority, effects, related to, and hierarchy. |
| Affects | Entities that are affected by this issue. |
| Related to | Count of the different objects that are affected by this issue such as the controls, risks, policies, authority documents, engagements, regulatory change tasks, remediation tasks, and risk events. |
| Hierarchy | Issue hierarchy. |

| Related lists | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Remediation tasks | Details of the remediation tasks, such as the name, number, state, assigned to, priority, planned end date, and actual date. |
| Task SLAs | Details of the task service level agreements (SLAs), such as the SLA definition, type, target, stage, business time left, business-elapsed time, business elapsed percentage, start time, and stop time. |
| Issues | Details of the related issues, such as the name, number, issue source, issue type, state, issue manager, assigned to, priority, and due date. |
| Indicator results | Details of the indicator results, such as the name, result, indicator, and data owner. |
| Control tests | Details of the control tests, such as the name, number, parent, assigned to, state, planned start date, and planned end date. |
| Issue triages | Issue triages details, such as the name, number, source, issue type, state, substate, triage owner, and reviewer. |
| Policy exceptions | Details of the policy exceptions, such as the name, number, requester, reason, policy, control objective, state, substate, valid from, valid to, and risk rating. |
| Evidence | Details of Evidence, such as the name, number, evidence for, request reason, state, substate, requester, assigned to, and due date. |




<!-- Page 359 -->
Related lists in the Issues section (continued)
Related lists Description
Entities Details of the entities, such as the entity,
description, class, and owner.
Controls Details of the controls, such as the name,
number, entity, function, state, status, exempt,
owner, and description.
Risks Details of the risks, such as the name, number,
entity, risk statement, owning group, owner,
state, and risk assessment methodology.
Engagements Details of the engagements, such as the
name, number, type, engagement lead,
state, engagement planned start date, and
engagement planned end.
Control objectives Details of the control objectives, such as the
name, source ID, source, parent, category,
classification, type, and compliance.
Risk Statements Details of the risk statements, such as the
name, framework, category, description, and
appetite status.
Policies Details of the policies, such as the name,
type, owner, state, valid from, valid to, and
compliance score.
Authority documents Details of the authority documents, such
as the name, common name, type, and
compliance score.
Risk events Details of the risk events, such as the risk
event,primary entity, event type, subtype,
state, date of discovery, net loss, expected
loss, and non-financial impact.
Processing activities Details of the processing activities, such as
the processing activity, processing activity
category, owner, and privacy analyst.
The following example shows a 360-degree view of the entire relationship for a selected issue,
such as the upstream issues, downstream issues, controls, and remediation tasks that are
associated with the Issue.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3794
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Related lists | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entities | Details of the entities, such as the entity, description, class, and owner. |
| Controls | Details of the controls, such as the name, number, entity, function, state, status, exempt, owner, and description. |
| Risks | Details of the risks, such as the name, number, entity, risk statement, owning group, owner, state, and risk assessment methodology. |
| Engagements | Details of the engagements, such as the name, number, type, engagement lead, state, engagement planned start date, and engagement planned end. |
| Control objectives | Details of the control objectives, such as the name, source ID, source, parent, category, classification, type, and compliance. |
| Risk Statements | Details of the risk statements, such as the name, framework, category, description, and appetite status. |
| Policies | Details of the policies, such as the name, type, owner, state, valid from, valid to, and compliance score. |
| Authority documents | Details of the authority documents, such as the name, common name, type, and compliance score. |
| Risk events | Details of the risk events, such as the risk event,primary entity, event type, subtype, state, date of discovery, net loss, expected loss, and non-financial impact. |
| Processing activities | Details of the processing activities, such as the processing activity, processing activity category, owner, and privacy analyst. |




<!-- Page 360 -->
360-degree relationship of an issue
Recommended actions
Recommended actions are system-generated suggestions that can help you quickly select a
remediation task or assign an issue to the correct person.
Remediation tasks recommended actions
As shown in the figure, recommended actions for remediation tasks are shown in the right side
pane. You can see the list of recommended actions and perform the following:
•Use: When you select a Use button, a form is shown with pre-populated data. You can assign
to any user using the Assigned to field and select Save. You can see this record in the
Remediation tasks tab.
•Dismiss: If you don't want to use the recommended action, select Dismiss.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3795
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 361 -->
Important: Recommendations are shown only to the users with the following roles:
1.Users with minimum roles of sn_grc.business_user,
sn_grc.business_user_lite. You must add the
sn_nb_action.next_best_action_use role to the sn_grc.business_user
and sn_grc.business_user_lite.
2. Users who have minimum role of sn_grc.user though they are not part of the issue
persona.
3. Users with minimum role of sn_grc.business_user and
sn_grc.business_user_lite must be part of the issue persona.
Recommended actions for the Assigned to field
As shown in the figure, system-generated recommendations are shown for the Assigned to field.
You can see the top three predictions (John Retak, James Vittolo, and Jerrod Bennett) above the
list of alphabetized users.
Configuring an issue relationship
If an issue isn't reusable and you know that multiple similar issues were created for different
controls, risk statements, or control objectives, you can still configure the issue relationship to
reuse the issue in the GRC application.
You can avoid duplicating issues by reusing the same issue. All you have to do is add it to
different objects. When an issue is linked to a control or risk, it’s automatically linked to the entity,
control objective, or risk statement of that control or risk.
By using the Issue Relationship Configuration tab under the GRC Administration module, you
can add an issue to different objects.
Note: This module is visible only if you have the workspaces installed.
You can also disable an issue relationship by stopping the automatic linking of the related
objects to an issue. For more information, see Configure an issue relationship.
Configure an issue relationship
Enable or disable an issue relationship configuration record so that you can automatically link an
issue with its related objects in the GRC application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3796
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| sn_grc.business_user_lite |
| --- |
| sn_nb_action.next_best_action_use |




<!-- Page 362 -->
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC Administration > Issue Relationship Configurations.
2. Select any record that you want to configure the issue relationship to.
3. Enable or disable the configuration records by selecting or deselecting the Active field.
Issue relationship configuration form
For more information about the fields in the issue relationship configuration form, see Issue
Relationship Configuration form.
Issue Relationship Configuration form
Use the Issue Relationship Configuration form in the GRC application to automatically link a
destination record with an issue when it’s linked to the source record.
Issue Relationship Configuration form
Field Description
Source table
Many to Many (MtoM) table in which the
original record gets created when you link an
issue to an object.
For example, if you linked an issue to a control,
the relationship record is created in this table.
Destination table
Target table where the record is created when
the issue is linked to the destination object.
For example, let's say that you selected the
issue to link to a control in the Source table
field. The issue is linked to the control's entity
if you selected the issue to link to the entity
MtoM in the Destination table field.
Source field
Source field that displays the relationship
between the source object and the destination
object.
Destination field
Destination field that contains the object that
is linked to the issue in the Destination table
field.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3797
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Source table | Many to Many (MtoM) table in which the original record gets created when you link an issue to an object. For example, if you linked an issue to a control, the relationship record is created in this table. |
| Destination table | Target table where the record is created when the issue is linked to the destination object. For example, let's say that you selected the issue to link to a control in the Source table field. The issue is linked to the control's entity if you selected the issue to link to the entity MtoM in the Destination table field. |
| Source field | Source field that displays the relationship between the source object and the destination object. |

