# Group issues in the Workspace



<!-- Page 363 -->
Issue Relationship Configuration form (continued)
Field Description
For example, if you selected the issue to link to
an entity relationship in the Destination table
field, then the destination field value is entity.
Note: The object types that you select
in the source field and destination field
should be the same types.
Note:
•Source object: It’s the original object that is linked to an issue manually.
•Destination object: It’s the object that is automatically linked to the issue due to the issue
relationship configuration.
Group issues in the Workspace
Group issues within your workspaces to organize and manage related issues. Grouping similar
issues can streamline your workflow and save time.
Before you begin
Role required: risk_admin, risk_manager, or sn_risk.user
About this task
Grouping issues under a parent can streamline your workflow and save time. All child issues are
managed under a single parent, making it easier to track and address them collectively. You can
group different types of issues under a single parent when issues belong to the same project or
audit to gain a holistic view of how different issues are managed. Grouping issues under a parent
helps in organizing and prioritizing them, reducing the redundancy of solving similar issues, and
ensuring that issues are addressed in a coordinated manner.
You can enable the Advanced issue grouping functionality property to use the advanced issue
grouping features, such as management methods for issue grouping and making standalone
issues into parents. For more information, see Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties.
Important: When you group issues with confidentiality enabled, you can add
confidential child issues only under a confidential parent issue.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
You can navigate to your specific workspace.
2. Select the list icon and navigate to the issues.
3. Select the check boxes next to the issues that you want to group.
4.Select Group.
5. On the form, fill in the fields.
Group issues form
Field Description
Group type Option to select the group type. The available
options are as follows:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3798
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For example, if you selected the issue to link to an entity relationship in the Destination table field, then the destination field value is entity. Note: The object types that you select in the source field and destination field should be the same types. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 364 -->
Field Description
◦Create a group: Option to create a new
parent issue to form a group.
◦Add to an existing group: Option to create
a group with an existing parent issue.
◦Make standalone issue as a parent:
Option to select an existing standalone
issue and make it as a parent to create a
group.
Note: The Make standalone issue
as a parent option is only available
if the Advanced issue grouping
functionality property is enabled. For
more information, see Governance,
Risk, and Compliance properties.
Parent issue name Name of the new parent issue. This field
appears only when Create a group is
selected from Group type field.
Parent issue Option to select an existing parent issue or to
select an existing standalone issue and make
it as a parent. This field appears only when
Create a group or Make standalone issue as
a parent is selected from Group type field.
Management method Option to specify whether the issue is
managed from a parent issue or as an
individual child issue. The available options
are as follows:
◦Manage parent: When you select the
Management method as Manage parent,
the child issues inherit the values of the
State, Response, and Explanation fields
from the parent issue.
◦Manage child: When Manage child is
selected, the child issue maintains its own
State, Response, and Explanation fields
individually.
Note: The Management method
field is only available if the Advanced
issue grouping functionality property
is enabled. For more information, see
Governance, Risk, and Compliance
properties.
Description Additional information about the issue group.
6.Select Group.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3799
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Create a group: Option to create a new parent issue to form a group. ◦Add to an existing group: Option to create a group with an existing parent issue. ◦Make standalone issue as a parent: Option to select an existing standalone issue and make it as a parent to create a group. Note: The Make standalone issue as a parent option is only available if the Advanced issue grouping functionality property is enabled. For more information, see Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties. |
| Parent issue name | Name of the new parent issue. This field appears only when Create a group is selected from Group type field. |
| Parent issue | Option to select an existing parent issue or to select an existing standalone issue and make it as a parent. This field appears only when Create a group or Make standalone issue as a parent is selected from Group type field. |
| Management method | Option to specify whether the issue is managed from a parent issue or as an individual child issue. The available options are as follows: ◦Manage parent: When you select the Management method as Manage parent, the child issues inherit the values of the State, Response, and Explanation fields from the parent issue. ◦Manage child: When Manage child is selected, the child issue maintains its own State, Response, and Explanation fields individually. Note: The Management method field is only available if the Advanced issue grouping functionality property is enabled. For more information, see Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties. |
| Description | Additional information about the issue group. |

| Governance, Risk, and Compliance |
| --- |
| properties |

