# Create a domain



<!-- Page 367 -->
How domain values are allocated to GRC objects
Records that are automatically generated, the domain of the record is determined by the domain
iterator configured for the job. The following table shows how domain values are allocated to
different GRC objects:
GRC objects Domain source
Entity Gets domain value from Applies_to.
Entity to entity type Gets domain value from Entity type.
Item assessment Gets domain value from item (risk or control).
Issue Gets domain value from item (risk or control).
Entity to information object Gets domain value from Entity.
Indicator Gets domain value from control or risk.
Indicator Task Gets domain value from indicator.
Supporting Data Gets domain value from indicator.
Indicator Result Gets domain value from indicator.
Note: When the domain source is global or nil, then that object's domain will be set to
Default.
Related topics
Domain separation for service providers
Create a domain
You can create a domain by creating a record in the [domain] table.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
When creating a new domain, keep the following in mind:
•Only one domain can be the default domain.
•Only one domain can be the primary domain.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Domain Admin > Domains.
2. Click New.
3. Fill in the necessary fields (see table).
4.Click Submit.
Domain form fields
Field Description
Name Enter a unique name for the domain.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3802
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| GRC objects | Domain source |
| --- | --- |
| Entity | Gets domain value from Applies_to. |
| Entity to entity type | Gets domain value from Entity type. |
| Item assessment | Gets domain value from item (risk or control). |
| Issue | Gets domain value from item (risk or control). |
| Entity to information object | Gets domain value from Entity. |
| Indicator | Gets domain value from control or risk. |
| Indicator Task | Gets domain value from indicator. |
| Supporting Data | Gets domain value from indicator. |
| Indicator Result | Gets domain value from indicator. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Enter a unique name for the domain. |

