# Breadcrumb navigation



<!-- Page 368 -->
Field Description
Type Select a domain type that describes the domain. By default the domain types
are Vendor, Customer, and MSP. You can also add your own choices.
Primary Select the check box if this domain is to be the top-level domain in the
hierarchy. The top-level domain only has child domains and no parent domains.
Default Select if this domain is to be the default domain for your hierarchy.
Parent Select the name of the domain higher in the hierarchy that contains this
domain. This field must have a value for the domain to appear in the domain
map.
Active Select the check box to make the domain available for use. You must select this
option for this domain to appear in the domain map.
Description Enter a description for the domain.
Each domain record can also have several related records:
◦Companies
◦Contains Domains
◦Contained By
What to do next
To change the domain hierarchy, go to the Contains Domains related list and select the domain
records that is the child (contained) domains of the contains relationship.
Breadcrumb navigation®
The ServiceNow Australia release supports breadcrumb navigation for all GRC modules
including workspaces. Breadcrumbs provide a browser path to navigate a hierarchy of linked
pages with related content.
Breadcrumbs provide context, consistency, and familiarity for the users. The breadcrumb style
navigation provides a digital trail from the user's starting hover over the current content, with the
ability to navigate to each link.
Use the breadcrumb style navigation that provides a browser path to navigate a hierarchy of
linked pages with related content. Breadcrumbs offer a quick form of filter navigation. They’re
ordered from left to right. The left condition is the most general, and the right condition is the
most specific. For example, you can see the navigation path for the Entities in the workspace
view:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3803
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Type | Select a domain type that describes the domain. By default the domain types are Vendor, Customer, and MSP. You can also add your own choices. |
| Primary | Select the check box if this domain is to be the top-level domain in the hierarchy. The top-level domain only has child domains and no parent domains. |
| Default | Select if this domain is to be the default domain for your hierarchy. |
| Parent | Select the name of the domain higher in the hierarchy that contains this domain. This field must have a value for the domain to appear in the domain map. |
| Active | Select the check box to make the domain available for use. You must select this option for this domain to appear in the domain map. |
| Description | Enter a description for the domain. |

