# Taxonomy management in GRC



<!-- Page 369 -->
Breadcrumb navigation for the entities
The navigational path List > Entity: America Online in the example indicates that you can
navigate to the America Online page from the Entity menu in the List view. Selecting any link in
the path returns you to the selected screen.
Taxonomy management in GRC
Taxonomy is used to organize, classify, and label the elements of the unstructured content. The
content is organized into granular elements that provide more information about the context of
the content.
Use the new GRC: taxonomy management application to manage categories for your content
classification across GRC modules by using the Taxonomy module. In addition, you can use
the GRC: taxonomy management application to store your taxonomy. The GRC: taxonomy
management application is automatically installed with the GRC: Policy and Compliance
Management application.
It helps to adapt and reuse the content efficiently across different segments and products. The
GRC: taxonomy management application stores the taxonomy and it provides a way to map the
taxonomies via a UI component for all the GRC modules.
The new GRC: taxonomy management application provides the following benefits:
•It provides a better alignment with the regulations.
•It categorizes and classifies the regulatory content easily within the GRC module.
•It sets up an internal taxonomy or maps the taxonomy from an external provider to categorize
different types of library objects such as Authority documents and Citations.
•It provides the following out-of-the-box (OOTB) classification elements:
◦Content type
◦Jurisdiction
◦Regulatory body
◦Sector
◦Theme
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3804
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
