# Landing Page Configurations module



<!-- Page 370 -->
•It offers the flexibility to add the new taxonomy categories with a new taxonomy class record in
addition to the taxonomy categories provided out-of-the-box (OOTB).
•It helps you to streamline your regulatory compliance, trace the regulatory requirements, and
update the external regulations.
Note: If you have downloaded the Regulatory Change Management application
previously and you are upgrading to the Australia GA release, copy the data from the old
taxonomy tables to the new taxonomy tables.
Landing Page Configurations module
GRC administrators can now configure the Tasks and Issues overview landing pages in
the workspaces by using the GRC Landing Page Configurations module in the classic user
interface. The role required to configure the tasks, issues, and other items in the Landing Page
Configurations module is the sn_grc_workspace.task_admin role. GRC administrators are
assigned the sn_grc_workspace.task_admin role by default.
Landing Page Configurations module
The GRC Landing Page Configurations module displays the following modules:
•Tasks Page Configuration
•Issue Page Configuration
Tasks Page Configuration module
The Tasks Page Configuration module in the classic user interface displays the configurations
related to the Tasks section in the landing pages of the workspaces. The configurations in the
Tasks Page Configuration module help the users to view the data in different workspaces.
Only users with the sn_grc_workspace.task_admin role can configure the Tasks landing pages
for the workspaces using the Tasks Page Configurations module in the classic user interface. The
administrators are assigned the sn_grc_workspace.task_admin role by default.
GRC administrators perform task page configurations, including the workspaces, tabs, and filters
configurations in this module. Based on all the filter conditions that are applied at table levels or
state levels, the users can view the data in the Tasks landing page in the workspace.
In the homepage view of the workspace, the widgets displayed about the tasks such as My tasks
and My group's work are configured using the UI Builder. Clicking these widgets in the homepage
view directs the users to the Tasks page in the workspace.
For the Audit workspace, Compliance workspace, Privacy workspace, and Risk workspace, the
following pre-configured tabs are shipped by default:
•My pending tasks
•My group's tasks
•My items
•Watchlist
Starting with GRC: Common Workspace Elements application version 14.x, the administrators
with the sn_grc_workspace.task_admin role can add or remove the tabs in the Task Configuration
record. They can also prioritize or order the tabs in a sequence. When a tab is created in the
Task Configuration record under the Tasks Page Configuration module, it is displayed in the
workspace UI.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3805
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
