# Update the Tasks Page Configuration record



<!-- Page 371 -->
The task administrators can change the order of the tabs in the UI. If the same order is configured
for two tabs, the tabs are displayed in an alphabetical order.
The following image shows the updated Task Configuration record.
Task Configuration record
GRC administrators can configure the names of the task configuration records that are displayed
in the landing pages. Administrators can do the following:
•Update the name and description of the record in the classic user interface. Only
administrators can view this data in the classic user interface. End users cannot view this data
in the workspace view.
•Update the title of the workspace that is displayed in the Tasks landing page in the workspace.
End users can view this data in the workspace view.
•Update the title of the applicable table, filter condition, and column names.
•Update the filter conditions for the tabs.
•Filter the records based on the group selection for the applicable table.
•Add, update, remove, or override the state labels of the tables.
•Update the type of the tab such as group tab or regular tab.
Update the Tasks Page Configuration record
Update the Tasks Page Configuration record in the classic user interface to display the task
configurations in various workspaces. The Tasks Page Configuration record displays the
configurations that an end user can view in the My Tasks landing page in each workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin, sn_grc_workspace.task_admin
About this task
GRC administrators can configure the tasks that the workspace users can view in the workspace.
The following tabs are used to configure the tasks and they are provided by default for each
workspace:
•My pending tasks
•My group's tasks
•My items
•Watchlist
Depending on the workspace selection, these configurable tabs are displayed in the workspace.
GRC administrators can modify these tabs using the Landing Page Configurations module.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3806
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 372 -->
State filters or second-level filters are available for the My pending tasks, My group's tasks, My
items, and Watchlist tabs.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > GRC Landing Page Configurations > Tasks Page Configuration.
The Tasks Page Configuration record displays the configuration records for each of the
following workspaces:
◦Audit Workspace
◦Compliance Workspace: Displayed under the Policy and Compliance module.
◦Operational Resilience workspace
◦Privacy Workspace
◦Regulatory Change Management Workspace: Displayed under the Policy and Compliance
module.
◦Risk Workspace
◦Risk Portal
◦Vendor Management Workspace
2. Click the configuration record for the workspace that you are working in.
3. On the form, update the fields as needed.
The tasks page configuration record for the selected workspace displays the following fields.
Tasks Page Configuration record
Field Description
Name Name of the task configuration that is
displayed in the tasks page configuration
record.
Description Description of the task configuration that can
be updated.
Workspace title Title of the My Tasks page that is displayed in
the workspace.
The Tab Configurations related list displays the following tabs in the Task Configuration
record:
◦My pending tasks
◦My group's tasks
◦My items
◦Watchlist
◦Confidential records
The following configuration fields are displayed for all the tabs in the Task Configuration record:
Fields in the Task Configuration record
Field Description
Tab name Name of the tab that is displayed in the
workspace.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3807
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the task configuration that is displayed in the tasks page configuration record. |
| Description | Description of the task configuration that can be updated. |
| Workspace title | Title of the My Tasks page that is displayed in the workspace. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Tab name | Name of the tab that is displayed in the workspace. |




<!-- Page 373 -->
Field Description
Order Order of the tab in the workspace.
Display tab Option to display the tab in the UI. When this
option is enabled, the tab is displayed in the
UI. Similarly, when this option is disabled, the
tab is not displayed in the UI.
Enable group selection Option to select the groups in the filter.
When this option is enabled, administrators
can filter the records based on the group
selection for the applicable table.
The related list for each tab displays the following information:
Related list for each tab in the Task configuration record
Field Description
Applicable tables
List of the tables that are displayed in the
workspace and that are shipped with the
release. These tables are the records that the
user can act upon based on the matching
conditions.
You can create a new applicable table or click
an existing applicable table from the list to
update its configuration record.
◦The table configuration record displays
the fields that are related to the selected
applicable table.
◦The Map states related list displays the
states that are applicable to the selected
applicable table. You can select a state
and update its filter condition so that it
is correctly displayed in the tab in the
workspace.
Applicable states List of the states that are applicable to
the tab. These states are displayed in the
workspace with the Overridden label column.
You can configure and update the name of
the state by adding the updated state name
in the Overridden label column.
4.If needed, in the Applicable tables related list, update an existing table by doing the following:
a.Click a table to open its configuration record.
b.Configure the Task title, Table, Tab level filter, and Displayed columns fields and click
Update.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3808
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Order | Order of the tab in the workspace. |
| Display tab | Option to display the tab in the UI. When this option is enabled, the tab is displayed in the UI. Similarly, when this option is disabled, the tab is not displayed in the UI. |
| Enable group selection | Option to select the groups in the filter. When this option is enabled, administrators can filter the records based on the group selection for the applicable table. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Applicable tables | List of the tables that are displayed in the workspace and that are shipped with the release. These tables are the records that the user can act upon based on the matching conditions. You can create a new applicable table or click an existing applicable table from the list to update its configuration record. ◦The table configuration record displays the fields that are related to the selected applicable table. ◦The Map states related list displays the states that are applicable to the selected applicable table. You can select a state and update its filter condition so that it is correctly displayed in the tab in the workspace. |
| Applicable states | List of the states that are applicable to the tab. These states are displayed in the workspace with the Overridden label column. You can configure and update the name of the state by adding the updated state name in the Overridden label column. |

