# Issue Page Configuration module



<!-- Page 374 -->
The updated fields for the selected table are displayed to the end user in the workspace.
c.Configure the name of the state by adding the updated state name in the Overridden label
column.
5. Click the My pending tasks tab and update the configuration fields if necessary.
The My pending tasks tab configuration displays the available configuration and the list of the
tasks configured within the tab.
6.Click the My group's tasks tab and update the configuration fields if necessary.
The My group's tasks tab configuration displays the list of the tasks assigned to your group.
Note: You can configure the tab name for the My group's tasks tab and its associated
fields similar to the My pending tasks tab.
7.Click the My items tab and update the fields if necessary.
The My items tab configuration displays the list of items that are either created by you or
opened by you.
Note: You can configure the tab name for the My items tab and its associated fields
similar to the My pending tasks tab.
8.Click Watchlist and update the fields if necessary.
The My watchlist tab configuration displays the list of the tasks for which you are in the
watchlist.
Note: You can configure the tab name for the Watchlist tab and its associated fields
similar to the My pending tasks tab.
9.Click Confidential records and update the configuration fields if necessary.
The Confidential records tab configuration displays the confidential records for the selected
table.
10.Click New in the Tab Configurations related list to add a new tab in the Task Configuration
record.
a.Fill in the fields on the form.
b.Click Submit.
The new tab is displayed in the UI with the information for the selected groups.
11. Click Update to update the task configuration record.
Issue Page Configuration module
The Issue Page Configuration module displays the configurations related to the Issues overview
landing pages in various workspaces. The data displayed in the Issues overview landing page is
configured using the Issue Page Configurations module in the classic user interface. The Issues
overview landing page includes the Issues, Issue triages, Tracking status of the issues, and Audit
observations pages.
The Issues Overview Landing page is available in the following workspaces:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3809
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 375 -->
•Audit workspace
•Compliance workspace
•Privacy workspace
•Risk workspace
GRC administrators can configure, monitor, and report issues for an active workspace by
mapping the states, filter conditions, and tables using the Issue Page Configuration module.
Based on the configurations performed in the Issue Page Configuration module, workspace
users can view the data that is assigned to them in the Issues overview landing page in the
workspace.
Administrators can perform the following tasks using the Issue Page Configuration module:
•Create new Issue page configurations records in the classic user interface that are displayed
in the Issues overview page in the workspace.
•Configure the issues related to the tables, tracking, issue triages, and observations for the
selected tables and track policy exceptions, evidence, and so on.
The homepage in each workspace displays the issues section that provides the following
information:
•The My issues section displays the Issues and Triage issues sections in a number format.
Issues subsection displays the details such as Assigned to, Managing, Remediation assigned,
To review, Overdue. Triage issues subsection displays the details such as Assigned to and To
review.
•The My group's issues section displays the Issues and Triage issues sections in a number
format. Issues subsection displays the details such as Assigned to, Managing, Unassigned
manager, To review, Overdue. Triage issues subsection displays the details such as Assigned
to, Unassigned owner, To review, and Unassigned reviewer.
•The Watching section displays the details such as Triage issues and Remediation tasks in a
number format.
Create a new Issue Page Configuration record
Create a new issue page configuration record in the Issue Page Configuration module in the
classic user interface. The Issue Page Configuration module displays the configurations related
to the Issues section in the landing pages of the workspaces. The newly created issue is
displayed in the Issue overview landing page in the selected workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to Landing Page Configurations > Issue Page Configuration.
2. Click New.
The Issue page configuration record is displayed.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3810
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 376 -->
Issue page configuration form
Field Description
Name Configurable name of the workspace. This is
the name of the tab that is displayed in the
workspace.
Issues tab
Table Name of the table used for configuring the
issues that are displayed in the workspace.
The Filter field displays the filter condition
that you can configure and display the
matching records.
Tracking tab
Policy exceptions Option to display the policy exceptions
under the Tracking section in the Compliance
workspace.
Note: On the Risk workspace, policy
exceptions are by default not displayed.
Evidence requests Option to display the evidence requests
under the Tracking section in the Compliance
workspace. This option is available only when
the Advanced core plugin is installed in the
instance.
Issue triage tab
This tab is available only when the Advanced core plugin is installed in the instance.
Show issue triages Option to display or hide the issue triages in
the workspace.
Note: For the Audit workspace, this
option is inactive by default.
Table Name of the table used for configuring the
issue triages.
Filter Filter condition that you can configure to
display the matching records.
Observations tab
This tab is available only when the Advanced Audit plugin is installed in the instance.
Show observations Option to display or hide the audit
observations in the workspace.
Note: This option is by default
selected for the Audit workspace.
Table Name of the table used for the observation.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3811
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Configurable name of the workspace. This is the name of the tab that is displayed in the workspace. |
| Issues tab |  |
| Table | Name of the table used for configuring the issues that are displayed in the workspace. The Filter field displays the filter condition that you can configure and display the matching records. |
| Tracking tab |  |
| Policy exceptions | Option to display the policy exceptions under the Tracking section in the Compliance workspace. Note: On the Risk workspace, policy exceptions are by default not displayed. |
| Evidence requests | Option to display the evidence requests under the Tracking section in the Compliance workspace. This option is available only when the Advanced core plugin is installed in the instance. |
| Issue triage tab |  |
| This tab is available only when the Advanced core plugin is installed in the instance. |  |
| Show issue triages | Option to display or hide the issue triages in the workspace. Note: For the Audit workspace, this option is inactive by default. |
| Table | Name of the table used for configuring the issue triages. |
| Filter | Filter condition that you can configure to display the matching records. |
| Observations tab |  |
| This tab is available only when the Advanced Audit plugin is installed in the instance. |  |
| Show observations | Option to display or hide the audit observations in the workspace. Note: This option is by default selected for the Audit workspace. |
| Table | Name of the table used for the observation. |




<!-- Page 377 -->
Field Description
Field Filter condition that you can configure and
display the matching records.
4.Click Submit.
Result
A new Issue Page Configuration record is created.
Link a new Issue Page Configuration record to a workspace
Create a new Issue Page Configuration record and link it from the classic user interface to the
desired workspace. After linking the Issue Page Configuration record, the workspace view
displays the new settings in the Issues overview landing page.
Before you begin
To link a new configuration to the desired workspace, you have to update the
issuePageConfigId property for the workspace.
Role required: sn_grc.admin
About this task
When a new issue configuration is created and saved in the Issue Page Configurations record, it
is displayed in the workspace only after linking it to the desired workspace.
Procedure
1.Create a new issue configuration in the Issue page configurations record.
For instructions, see Create a new Issue Page Configuration record.
2. Copy the sys_id of the new configuration and keep note of it.
You will later use the sys_id to update the Issue Page Configuration record.
3. Navigate to the Experiences list in the classic user interface.
4.From the UX Applications list, select the workspace where you want to integrate the change.
5. In the selected workspace, select the issuePageConfigId property.
6.On the issuePageConfigId property page, set the Value field to the sys_id of the new
configuration, and click Save.
Note: Multiple configuration records can be configured in the workspace. But only the
configuration record for which the sys_id is configured in the issuePageConfigId
property is displayed in the workspace.
Result
The new issue page configuration setting is displayed in the desired workspace view.
Update an Issue Page Configurations record
Update an existing Issue Page Configurations record in the classic user interface to update
the issue page configurations that are displayed in the Issues overview landing page in the
workspace. After modifying the configurations in the Issue Page Configuration record, the
issues, issue triages, and tracking status of the issues are displayed for the users in the desired
workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3812
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Field | Filter condition that you can configure and display the matching records. |

