# My tasks in the workspace



<!-- Page 378 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to Landing Page Configurations > Issue Page Configurations.
The names of the available workspaces are listed in the Issue Page Configurations record.
2. Select the workspace configuration record that you want to update.
The Issue page configuration record for the selected workspace displays a list of the tabs.
You can check the filter conditions for the selected table displayed in the respective tabs and
update the fields if necessary.
◦Name: Name of the tab that is displayed in the workspace.
◦Issues: Configuration to be performed to display the issues widget in the workspace.
◦Issue triage: Configuration to be performed to display the issue triage widget in the
workspace.
◦Tracking: Configuration to be performed to display the Policy exceptions and Evidence
requests in the workspace.
◦Observations: Configuration to be performed to display the audit observations in the
workspace.
Issue page configuration tabs
3. In the Issues tab, check the filter conditions for the selected table and update the fields if
necessary.
4.In the Issue triage tab, check the filter conditions for the selected table.
5. In the Tracking tab, select the Policy exceptions and Evidence options.
6.In the Observations tab, select the Show observations in the Audit workspace option, and
update the filter condition.
The page displays the name of the table for observations (sn_audit_advanced_observation)
and the filter condition to be selected such as Active is True.
Note: The Observations widget is displayed only in the Audit workspace.
7.To update the issue page configuration record, click Update.
My tasks in the workspace
GRC administrators can configure the tasks for the individual users and user groups in the GRC
Landing Page Configurations module. Based on these configurations, the workspace users can
view the individual user tasks, user group tasks, my items, and watchlist on the Tasks page in the
workspace view.
The roles required to configure and view the workspaces are listed below.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3813
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 379 -->
Roles required to configure the Tasks Page Configuration and view the Tasks page in the
workspaces
Role Actions associated with the role for the workspace
sn_grc.admin, sn_grc_workspace.task_admin Configure the Tasks Page Configuration
records in all the workspaces.
sn_grc.business_user View the Tasks page in the Risk Portal
workspace.
sn_audit_ws.supervisor, sn_audit_ws.auditor, View the Tasks page in the Audit workspace.
sn_compliance.admin Configure and view the Tasks page in the
Compliance workspace.
sn_oper_res.admin Configure and view the Tasks page in the
Operational Resilience workspace.
sn_privacy.admin Configure and view the Tasks page in the
Privacy workspace.
sn_grc_reg_change.it_admin View the Tasks page in the Compliance
workspace.
sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager and View the Tasks page in the Risk workspace.
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager,
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager View the Tasks page in the Vendor
Management workspace.
Based on the tasks that were set up by the administrators, the tasks are displayed under the
following tabs in the configuration records for workspaces:
•My pending tasks
•My group's tasks
•My items
•Watchlist
•Confidential records
You can view the Tasks page in the following workspaces:
•Audit Workspace
•Operational Resilience workspace
•Policy and Compliance Workspace: Displayed under the Policy and Compliance module.
•Privacy Workspace
•Regulatory Change Management Workspace in Policy and Compliance Workspace
•Risk Workspace
•Risk Portal
•Vendor Management Workspace
Note: My items and Watchlist are not displayed in the Vendor Management Workspace.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3814
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Role | Actions associated with the role for the workspace |
| --- | --- |
| sn_grc.admin, sn_grc_workspace.task_admin | Configure the Tasks Page Configuration records in all the workspaces. |
| sn_grc.business_user | View the Tasks page in the Risk Portal workspace. |
| sn_audit_ws.supervisor, sn_audit_ws.auditor, | View the Tasks page in the Audit workspace. |
| sn_compliance.admin | Configure and view the Tasks page in the Compliance workspace. |
| sn_oper_res.admin | Configure and view the Tasks page in the Operational Resilience workspace. |
| sn_privacy.admin | Configure and view the Tasks page in the Privacy workspace. |
| sn_grc_reg_change.it_admin | View the Tasks page in the Compliance workspace. |
| sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager and sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager, | View the Tasks page in the Risk workspace. |
| sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager | View the Tasks page in the Vendor Management workspace. |

