# Monitor my tasks in the Tasks page in the workspace



<!-- Page 380 -->
Monitor my tasks in the Tasks page in the workspace
Configure and monitor the tasks that are related to an assigned user in the workspace. Configure
the landing pages and the widgets that are displayed in the workspaces using the Landing Page
Configurations module. The configurations performed using the Landing Page Configurations
module help you to filter the data that is displayed in different workspaces.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin, sn_grc_workspace.task_admin, sn_grc_workspace.task_reader
About this task
Navigate to the individual workspaces to view the tasks, items, and watchlist for the individual
users and user groups.
Procedure
1.Navigate to the right workspace in one of the following ways:
◦All > Audit > Audit Workspace.
◦All > Operational Resilience > Operational Resilience Workspace.
◦All > Policy and Compliance > Compliance workspace.
◦All > Privacy > Privacy workspace.
◦All > Regulatory Change Management > Compliance workspace.
◦All > Risk > Risk workspace.
◦All > Risk > Risk Portal.
◦All > Vendor Management > Workspace.
2. To navigate to the Tasks page, select the tasks icon ( ).
3. Navigate to the tab that you want to view, and monitor the tasks.
The Tasks page displays a timestamp showing when the task data was last refreshed, and
a notification appears when the page is refreshing data in the background. The Tasks page
displays the following tabs based on the workspace configuration:
◦My pending tasks: Monitor the pending tasks assigned to you. The Applicable Tables tab
under the My pending tasks tab on the Tasks Page Configuration module displays the list of
tables that are applicable to the tasks. If the data is relevant to the user and if it matches the
defined conditions, then it is populated under the My pending task tab in the workspace UI.
If there is no data pertaining to you or if you do not have any assigned tasks, no data is not
displayed under the My pending tasks tab. Only open and active tasks assigned to you're
listed under the My pending tasks tab.
◦My group’s tasks: Monitor the tasks assigned to the user groups that you belong to. The My
group's task page displays the pending tasks assigned to the user groups that you belong
to. When there are no pending tasks for the user group, a message displays that All tasks are
completed. Select the group from the list for which you want to filter the tasks.
◦My items: Monitor the tasks assigned to you and the issues reported by you. The My items
tab displays the list of items that are either created by you or opened by you.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3815
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
