# Composite entity in Governance, Risk, and Compliance



<!-- Page 383 -->
Entity types
An entity type is a grouping of entities that is based on filtering. Entity types enable you to find
and create entities that match a set of filter conditions. Hierarchy can be created within the entity
classes.
Entity types also enable you to create risks and controls for each entity without spending much
time. For example, an organization can have multiple departments, such as finance, HR, or IT.
All these departments can be considered as entities and can be grouped under the entity type
called Departments.
You can create an entity type by associating it with the core business pillar such as Technologies
or Facilities as shown in the following example.
Sample configuration for an entity type
For more information, see Entity types.
Entity tiers
When you create entity tiers, you apply a level or hierarchy to the entity classes. This level
applies to all the entities in those entity classes. Entity tiers enable you to select and view the
status of the most critical items in the business as shown in the following example.
List view for an entity tier
For more information, see Entity tiers.
Related topics
Entity scoping in GRC
Composite entity in Governance, Risk, and Compliance
Composite entity in Governance, Risk, and Compliance is a combination of two or more entities
created from different entity classes. The Composite Entity Management application enables you
to create multidimensional entities and manage them in a more granular level.
Overview of a composite entity
A composite entity is a multidimensional entity that consists of entities from different entity
classes. In a single entity structure, you can only manage risk and compliance on individual
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3818
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 384 -->
entities, which limits visibility and control for complex organizations with multifaceted structures.
Using the composite entity structure, you can define valid combinations by setting up relevant
entity classes and then creating the composite entities. Composite entities integrate into existing
workflows, enabling risk and compliance management with the same depth and flexibility as
standalone entities. Composite entity enables you to assess and manage risks and compliance
across a combination of multiple entities from different entity classes.
For example, consider an organization's Retail Banking division wants to evaluate its KYC (Know
Your Customer) process within its UK operations. Creating a composite entity, “Retail Banking
| KYC | UK,” enables stakeholders from KYC, the Retail Banking division, and the UK location
to assess and monitor risks, compliance, and controls impacting each area. This approach
enables for more granular and interconnected risk management, which is important for large
organizations with multiple business lines and locations.
Note: Activate the sn_grc_comp_ent plugin to use the composite entity functionality.
Benefits of composite entity
The following are the key benefits of a composite entity:
•Manage risk and compliance workflows at multiple levels, combining different entity
dimensions, such as Company | Department | Business Process for a clearer and more
detailed assessment context.
•Aggregate risk and compliance posture automatically across impacted entity hierarchies, and
confirming accurate risk score roll-ups.
•Add stakeholders with customizable roles relevant to composite entities, enabling effective
team involvement in assessment projects.
•Map relevant risks and controls to composite entities that can be used for the risk assessment
project.
Related topics
Create an entity class
Create a composite entity
Create a composite entity
Create multidimensional entities by combining two or more entities from different entity classes
using the Composite Entity Management application. In Governance, Risk, and Compliance,
entities can be people, processes, departments, applications, or objects.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, or
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
The Composite Entity Management application and Risk Workspace must be installed to create a
composite entity.
About this task
When you create a composite entity by combining two or more individual entities, the composite
entity automatically becomes a downstream entity for each of the individual entities involved.
For example, if you create a composite entity named "Document handover | Mexico" using the
entities "Document handover" and "Mexico," the composite entity appears as a downstream
entity for both "Document handover" and "Mexico." This structure helps in organizing related data
and simplifies tracking dependencies across entities.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3819
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Note: Activate the | sn_grc_comp_ent | plugin to use the composite entity functionality. |
| --- | --- | --- |




<!-- Page 385 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Risk > Risk Workspace.
2. Navigate to the list view and select Entities.
3. Select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
For a description of the field values on the Create New Entity form, see Create new composite
entity form.
5. Select Save.
Note: When you create an entity, only the Details tab is displayed. After the entity is
created, the Overview tab, Details tab, and other related lists are displayed.
After saving the entity, an entity form is displayed with the Details tab, Hierarchy tab, and the
following related lists.
For information on the fields in these related lists, see An entity in the workspace view.
Related topics
Create an entity class
Create new composite entity form
Use the Create New Entity form to create a composite entity by combining two or more entities
from different entity classes using the Composite Entity Management application.
See the following table for a description of the field values.
Create New Entity form
Field Description
Structure Structure of entity. The options are as follows:
•Single: Option to create a single dimension
entity.
•Composite: Option to create a
multidimensional entity.
Note: Select this option as you’re
creating a composite entity.
Active Status of the entity.
Class Option to select the composite entity class
for which you want to create a composite
entity. For more information on how to create
a composite entity class, see Create an entity
class.
Owner Owner of the composite entity.
Applicable entities Option to select the entities for each entity
class. Select the Add icon. When you
search for an entity, the application displays
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3820
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Structure | Structure of entity. The options are as follows: •Single: Option to create a single dimension entity. •Composite: Option to create a multidimensional entity. Note: Select this option as you’re creating a composite entity. |
| Active | Status of the entity. |
| Class | Option to select the composite entity class for which you want to create a composite entity. For more information on how to create a composite entity class, see Create an entity class. |
| Owner | Owner of the composite entity. |

