# An entity in the workspace view



<!-- Page 386 -->
Create New Entity form (continued)
Field Description
the entity hierarchy, and you can also view the
complete content tree.
Name Name of the composite entity. The name is
automatically generated based on the selected
entity classes, with a separator between them.
To change the separator, see Governance,
Risk, and Compliance properties.
Description Information about the composite entity.
Target Option to mark the entity as one that
participates in ESG target tracking. When
selected, the entity can be linked to
operational sustainability targets, such as
measurable progress milestones toward goals
like emissions reduction.
Framework ESG reporting framework associated with the
entity, such as GRI or SASB. This field appears
only when the Target check box is selected.
Selecting a framework scopes the entity's
target and metric reporting to that disclosure
standard.
Activity journal
Additional comments Additional information about the composite
entity.
Settings
Functional domain Functional domain of the composite entity.
An entity in the workspace view
The Entity form in the workspace provides a complete view of an entity across your organization.
The Entity form is listed under the Library menu of the List view in the workspace. Select an entity
in the list view so that you can display its overview, details, hierarchy, entity types, or downstream
risks.
Overview details on the Entity form
The Entity form displays the details on the entity such as Compliance status, Risk status, and
Tracking. The information about an entity is organized in different tabs such as Overview, Details,
and Hierarchy as shown in the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3821
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | the entity hierarchy, and you can also view the complete content tree. |
| Name | Name of the composite entity. The name is automatically generated based on the selected entity classes, with a separator between them. To change the separator, see Governance, Risk, and Compliance properties. |
| Description | Information about the composite entity. |
| Target | Option to mark the entity as one that participates in ESG target tracking. When selected, the entity can be linked to operational sustainability targets, such as measurable progress milestones toward goals like emissions reduction. |
| Framework | ESG reporting framework associated with the entity, such as GRI or SASB. This field appears only when the Target check box is selected. Selecting a framework scopes the entity's target and metric reporting to that disclosure standard. |
| Activity journal |  |
| Additional comments | Additional information about the composite entity. |
| Settings |  |
| Functional domain | Functional domain of the composite entity. |




<!-- Page 387 -->
Overview tab on the Entity form
The related lists on the Entity form display the dependencies that are related to the entities as
explained in the following table:
Tabs and Highlighted details on the Entity form
Tab Description
Details tab Information about the entity such as Name,
Active condition that shows whether the entity
is active, Owned by, Class, Description, and
Location information in the Entity section. The
Compliance section displays the Attestation
frequency such as Annually.
The Cybersecurity Risk Profile (CRI) displays
the following fields:
Tier
Tier levels such as Tier 1, Tier 2,
Tier 3, and Tier 4.
Controls are generated based
on the change of the tier. If you
change the tier value, then save
the record.
Tiering assessment
Assessment method based
on the new smart control
assessment engine, which has
the tiering assessment templates
as the CRI templates.
Tiering assessor
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3822
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Tab | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 388 -->
Tabs and Highlighted details on the Entity form (continued)
Tab Description
User who can perform the tiering
assessment.
Hierarchy tab Information about the upstream entities and
downstream entities, entity class, owner
information.
Highlighted details Downstream hierarchy for the selected
entity, related entity types, regulatory bodies
applicable to the entity, and related policies.
The Entities section displays the following related lists:
Related lists in the Entities section
Related list Description
Entity types Details of the entity type, description,
condition if the entity type was created
manually and the Compliance score in
percentage.
Risks The Risks tab on the entity record page
displays the following:
•Directly related risks: List all risks that are
directly associated with the entity.
•Suggested risks: List all risks suggested by
the Risk Suggestion AI Agent.
•All risks: List all directly related risks and
downstream risks.
Downstream controls Details of the downstream controls such as
Name, Number, Entity, Control objective, State,
Status, Exempt, Owner, and Description.
Downstream inherited controls Details of downstream inherited controls
such as Control, Number, Entity, Reliant entity,
Function, State, Status, Exempt, Owner,
Description, and Control objective.
Downstream engagements Details of the downstream engagements such
as Name, Number, Type, Parent plan, State,
Engagement lead, Remaining expense budget
(%), Remaining resource budget (%), and
engagement planned start.
Downstream issues Details of the downstream issues such as
Issue, Number, Entity, Priority, Assigned to, and
Issue manager. You can add existing Issues,
create new issue, or remove an existing issue.
Downstream tasks Details of the downstream tasks such as
Name, Number, Parent, State, Assigned to, and
Planned end date.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3823
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | User who can perform the tiering assessment. |
| Hierarchy tab | Information about the upstream entities and downstream entities, entity class, owner information. |
| Highlighted details | Downstream hierarchy for the selected entity, related entity types, regulatory bodies applicable to the entity, and related policies. |

| Related list | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entity types | Details of the entity type, description, condition if the entity type was created manually and the Compliance score in percentage. |
| Risks | The Risks tab on the entity record page displays the following: •Directly related risks: List all risks that are directly associated with the entity. •Suggested risks: List all risks suggested by the Risk Suggestion AI Agent. •All risks: List all directly related risks and downstream risks. |
| Downstream controls | Details of the downstream controls such as Name, Number, Entity, Control objective, State, Status, Exempt, Owner, and Description. |
| Downstream inherited controls | Details of downstream inherited controls such as Control, Number, Entity, Reliant entity, Function, State, Status, Exempt, Owner, Description, and Control objective. |
| Downstream engagements | Details of the downstream engagements such as Name, Number, Type, Parent plan, State, Engagement lead, Remaining expense budget (%), Remaining resource budget (%), and engagement planned start. |
| Downstream issues | Details of the downstream issues such as Issue, Number, Entity, Priority, Assigned to, and Issue manager. You can add existing Issues, create new issue, or remove an existing issue. |
| Downstream tasks | Details of the downstream tasks such as Name, Number, Parent, State, Assigned to, and Planned end date. |




<!-- Page 389 -->
Related lists in the Entities section (continued)
Related list Description
Policy exceptions Details of the policy exceptions such as
Name, Number, State, Substate, Policy, Control
objective, Issue, Reason, Requester, Valid
from, Valid to, and Risk rating.
Risk events Details of the risk events such as Risk event,
Primary entity, Event type, Sub type, State,
Date of discovery, Net loss, Expected loss, and
Non-financial impact.
Content references Details of the content reference such as
Content reference, Description, and version.
You can click Add to add the content
references.
Risk assessments Details of the risk assessments such as
Number, Risk assessment methodology,
Assessable entity, Risk, Applies to record,
Inherent risk, Control effectiveness, Residual
risk, Response, Assessor, and End date.
Aggregated risks Details of the aggregated risks such as
Risk assessment methodology, Residual
rating, Inherent rating, Control effectiveness,
Residual ALE, Inherent ALE, Contributing risk
assessments, and Risk rollup status.
Privacy assessments Details of the Privacy assessments such as
Number, Metric type, Classification, Due date,
State, and Assigned to.
CRI Tiering assessments Details of tiering assessment of an entity such
as the Assessment template, State, Users, and
Due date.
CRI assessments Details of control assessment such as the
Assessment template, State, Users, and Due
date.
Stakeholders Stakeholders with customizable roles
relevant to single and composite entities,
enabling effective team involvement in risk
assessments and projects. You can add
persona, group, and users in the stakeholder
list.
The 360° view displays an entire relationship view for the selected entity the upstream entities,
downstream entities, entity class and entity type associated with the entity, and the relationships
that the entity includes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3824
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Related list | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Policy exceptions | Details of the policy exceptions such as Name, Number, State, Substate, Policy, Control objective, Issue, Reason, Requester, Valid from, Valid to, and Risk rating. |
| Risk events | Details of the risk events such as Risk event, Primary entity, Event type, Sub type, State, Date of discovery, Net loss, Expected loss, and Non-financial impact. |
| Content references | Details of the content reference such as Content reference, Description, and version. You can click Add to add the content references. |
| Risk assessments | Details of the risk assessments such as Number, Risk assessment methodology, Assessable entity, Risk, Applies to record, Inherent risk, Control effectiveness, Residual risk, Response, Assessor, and End date. |
| Aggregated risks | Details of the aggregated risks such as Risk assessment methodology, Residual rating, Inherent rating, Control effectiveness, Residual ALE, Inherent ALE, Contributing risk assessments, and Risk rollup status. |
| Privacy assessments | Details of the Privacy assessments such as Number, Metric type, Classification, Due date, State, and Assigned to. |
| CRI Tiering assessments | Details of tiering assessment of an entity such as the Assessment template, State, Users, and Due date. |
| CRI assessments | Details of control assessment such as the Assessment template, State, Users, and Due date. |
| Stakeholders | Stakeholders with customizable roles relevant to single and composite entities, enabling effective team involvement in risk assessments and projects. You can add persona, group, and users in the stakeholder list. |




<!-- Page 390 -->
360 degree view of the entity
Create an entity
Create an entity for your enterprise. In Governance, Risk, and Compliance, entities can be
people, processes, departments, applications, or objects. These entities have controls that are
defined to mitigate their exposure, and their audits must be completed.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, and
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
About this task
An entity is an object for an action. The entities have controls to mitigate their risk exposure.
Follow this procedure to create new entities for your organization and view the downstream
hierarchy, entity types, policies, and so on, related to the entity.
Procedure
1.Navigate to the desired workspace, go to the List view, and click Entities.
2. To create a new entity, click New.
3. Navigate to the Details tab and fill in the fields.
Details tab in Entities record
Field Description
Refers to existing record Option that refers the new entity to an
existing record.
Name Name of the entity.
Active Option that indicates whether the entity is
active.
Owned by Details of the owner of the entity such as
System administrator.
Class Name of the class associated with the entity
such as Application or Business Entity.
Location Location record of the entity with details such
as address, city, state, and country.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3825
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Refers to existing record | Option that refers the new entity to an existing record. |
| Name | Name of the entity. |
| Active | Option that indicates whether the entity is active. |
| Owned by | Details of the owner of the entity such as System administrator. |
| Class | Name of the class associated with the entity such as Application or Business Entity. |
| Location | Location record of the entity with details such as address, city, state, and country. |

