# Functionality enhancements for the entities



<!-- Page 391 -->
Field Description
Description Description of the entity.
Compliance
Attestation frequency Option for attestation frequency such as daily
or weekly.
4.Under the Compliance section, add the attestation frequency such as Weekly or Annually.
5. View attachments for the entity in the side panel.
6.To save the entity, click Save.
Note: When you create a new entity, only the Details tab is displayed. After the new
entity is created, the Overview tab, Details tab, and other related lists are displayed.
After saving the entity, a new entity form is displayed with the Details tab, Hierarchy tab, and
the following related lists:
◦Entity types
◦Downstream risks
◦Downstream controls
◦Downstream engagements
◦Downstream issues
◦Downstream tasks
◦Policy exceptions
◦Privacy assessments
◦CRI Tiering assessments
◦CRI assessments
For information on the fields in these related lists, see An entity in the workspace view.
7.View the highlighted details side-panel for information such as the downstream hierarchy,
entity types, and policies related to the entity.
8.To save the updates to the entity, click Save.
Functionality enhancements for the entities
You can configure some functionality enhancements for the entities as part of the GRC updates.
The following enhancements are available for the entities:
•Email notification: When you update the entity owner value or when you assign a new owner to
an entity, an email notification is sent to the entity owner about the assignment of the entity.
•Auto-update the entity owner: You can select the Auto-update owner option to keep the entity
owner in synchronization with the value from its reference (source) field. See the following
example.
The Auto-update owner option is visible only for those entities that you have created by using
the entity filter and that you have enabled by using the Use owner field option in the filter.
You can also view the Auto-update owner option on the entity form in the workspace view. See
the following example.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3826
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Description of the entity. |
| Compliance |  |
| Attestation frequency | Option for attestation frequency such as daily or weekly. |

