# Entity scoping in GRC



<!-- Page 392 -->
Entity form in the workspace view
•Form design changes: The following form design changes are introduced in the entity and
entity filter forms.
◦You must fill in the Entity class and Default owner fields in the form as shown in the
following example.
◦You must fill in the Default owner field even if you have cleared the Use owner field. This
update ensures that every entity that has been created has an owner assigned to it.
◦The Department field is added to the entity form. You can add context to an entity by
selecting the department, location, and class fields.
◦The Auto-update owner and Source field for owner fields are displayed in the form. The
Source field for owner is visible only if you have enabled the Auto-update owner.
◦The Activity journal displays the log of the changes that are made to the fields as shown in
the following example.
◦The new Sync owner with source field related link is displayed in the entity form as shown
in the following example. It synchronizes the owner of an entity with its source record's field
value. It is visible on the form only if the value of the source field and the owner of an entity
are not in synchronization.
◦Activate the job that synchronizes the entity owner before enabling the property. You can
enable the Frequency of syncing the entity owner with the source record property under
GRC properties to synchronize the entity owner with its source record on a daily, weekly, or
monthly basis.
Activate the job that synchronizes the entity owner before enabling the property. You can
enable the Maximum batch size while syncing the entity owner with that of its source
record property under GRC properties to set the maximum batch size to an integer value. By
doing this action, you synchronize the entity owner with its source record value.
Entity scoping in GRC
Entity scoping is permitted in each of the core GRC applications. Scoping provides a way to
allocate risks and controls at different levels. Dependencies are created using the dependency
map in the GRC Workbench.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3827
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 393 -->
Entity scoping overview
Note: Starting with the New York release, the term profile was replaced with the term
entity. See Governance, Risk, and Compliance application nomenclature updates and
industry terminology for more information about all updated GRC application terms.
Organizations have various control owners maintaining individual files and spreadsheets for
tracking the compliance of different systems, projects, organizations, etc. In this environment,
risk managers cannot avoid or even be aware of the duplicate risks and controls created on
shared entities. The entire purpose of entity scoping is to provide a top-down approach for
maintaining your risk universe, which is the hierarchical library of both risks and controls. Mature
organizations with a healthy risk posture find that most risks are standard and recurring. Entity
scoping helps you catalog and visualize upstream and downstream risks and controls based on
the roll up of the related entities.
From an organic approach to a structured system®
1.Create or edit Entity Types and map them using the Entity Filter to existing ServiceNow
tables.
2. Map these entity types to external regulations and internal policies using control objectives
and risk statements.
3. Generate risk and control instances on related entities.
4.Maintain your risk appetite and scoring results by the aggregated calculation for entities; all
combos for risk scores on risk roll up.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3828
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 394 -->
Scoping process
Generate risks and controls from entity types®
Create and edit entity types and map them to existing ServiceNow tables for which you must
track compliance (applications, departments, regions, processes, systems, etc.). Entities are
assigned to control objectives and risk statements, which generate controls and risks for every
entity type.
Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
•sn_risk.admin or sn_risk.manager
•sn_audit.admin or sn_audit.manager
About this task
An entity type provides you a method to group Entities together. An entity type can be explained
in the following example: Assume that you want to generate a risk of earthquake for all the data
centers in a particular region. You could simply create an entity type called "Data Center" and
associate all the entities of that region to the risk of earthquake based on the risk statement.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations.
◦Policy and Compliance > Scoping > Entity Types.
◦Risk > Scoping > Entity Types.
◦Audit > Scoping > Entity Types.
2. Do one of the following actions.
Option Description
To create a new entity type Click New.
To edit an entity type Open the entity type from the list.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3829
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 395 -->
Option Description
Open the entity type from the list and click
Delete.
The item generation process executes these
actions in the background. With the legacy im­
plementation of the item generation process
(v1), the entity type that was marked for dele­
tion would get deleted instantly.
With the implementation of the item genera­
To delete an entity type
tion process (v2), an entity type that is marked
for deletion is not deleted instantly by the
item generation process, but it is marked for
deletion. When the nightly scheduled job
runs, it deletes the entity type.
For more information on the item genera­
tion process, see Using the item generation
process to generate controls and risks.
3. Fill in the fields on the form, as appropriate, and click Submit or Update.
Entity type
Name Description
Name Name of the entity type.
Description Explanation of the entity type with any additional information that a user finds
helpful.
4.Once the entity type is saved, click the Entity filters tab and On the form, fill in the fields.
Entity filters
Name Description
Entity Indicates the entity type that the filters belong to.
Type
Table Table that contains the records to be queried.
Filter Filter conditions for the source table to generate entities.
condition
Owner Person who owns any new entities generated from the entity type.
field
Identify the user reference field on the source table to automatically identify risk
and control owners. Use default owner to assign risks to a single user when the
owner field is empty.
Empty
◦Create
owner
◦Do not create
◦Use default
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3830
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the entity type. |
| Description | Explanation of the entity type with any additional information that a user finds helpful. |

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entity Type | Indicates the entity type that the filters belong to. |
| Table | Table that contains the records to be queried. |
| Filter condition | Filter conditions for the source table to generate entities. |
| Owner field | Person who owns any new entities generated from the entity type. Identify the user reference field on the source table to automatically identify risk and control owners. Use default owner to assign risks to a single user when the owner field is empty. |
| Empty owner | ◦Create ◦Do not create ◦Use default |




<!-- Page 396 -->
5. Click Submit.
6.From the Entity type form, click Update Entities from Filters.
An informational message appears: Updating entities for this entity type.
Create independent entities
Entities can be created manually, rather than generating them from the entity types. Entities®
can also be created without needing to refer to an existing ServiceNow table, like assets,
applications, business services, or processes.
Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager,
•n_risk.admin or sn_risk.manager
•sn_audit.admin or sn_audit.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦Policy and Compliance > Scoping > All Entities.
◦Risk > Scoping > All Entities.
◦Audit > Scoping > All Entities.
2. Do one of the following actions
Option Description
To create a new entity Click New.
To edit an entity Open the entity from the list.
3. On the Entity form, fill the fields as appropriate.
Entity form
Name Description®
Refers to Select this checkbox if the entity is already part of a ServiceNow table
existing record. Clear this check box to create a stand-alone entity.
record
Applies to Select the table name and the corresponding document. This field is visible
record only when the Refer to existing recordcheck box is selected.
Active Check box to activate the entity.
Name The name of the entity.
Compliance Compliance percentage derived from Downstream controls.
Score
Percentage
Owned by Select the control owner for this entity. Notifications are automatically sent to
entity owners and risk managers in the event of a breach.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3831
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Refers to existing record | ® Select this checkbox if the entity is already part of a ServiceNow table record. Clear this check box to create a stand-alone entity. |
| Applies to record | Select the table name and the corresponding document. This field is visible only when the Refer to existing recordcheck box is selected. |
| Active | Check box to activate the entity. |
| Name | The name of the entity. |
| Compliance Score Percentage | Compliance percentage derived from Downstream controls. |




<!-- Page 397 -->
Name Description
Note: The control owner must be a valid, active user. If an entity is
assigned to an inactive user, the entity will be neglected, unless it is
observed in reports.
Class Entity class to which the application belongs.
Generate Select this check box if you want to create a target.
target
Every time an entity is created in the system, a target record is also created.
This field is only visible if at least one of the use case accelerator applications
is installed.
4.In the Compliance related list, in the Attestation frequency field select the appropriate option.
This field refers to the frequency with which the attestations are sent out to the attestation
respondents. The value here defaults the control frequency. If the control owner wants to have
a different frequency at the control level, it can be overwritten.
5. Click Risk Rollup and Tolerance related list and fill in the form as appropriate.
This related list is visible only when Advanced Risk has been downloaded.
Risk Rollup and Tolerance related list
Field Description
Expected ALE Annual Loss of Expectancy (ALE) refers to
the product of the annual rate of occurrence
(ARO) and the single loss expectancy (SLE).
Expected ALE is the expected value of the
ALE for the risk statement. Enter currency and
amount for the expected ALE.
Note: This value must be less than or
equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE.
Maximum acceptable ALE Threshold value for the ALE for the risk
statement.
Note: This value must be greater than
or equal to theExpected ALE. This value
has an impact on the Tolerance status
field.
Sum of calculated ALE This calculation is based on the sum of
calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Average calculated ALE This calculation is based on the average of
calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Maximum calculated ALE This calculation is based on the maximum
of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3832
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: The control owner must be a valid, active user. If an entity is assigned to an inactive user, the entity will be neglected, unless it is observed in reports. |
| Class | Entity class to which the application belongs. |
| Generate target | Select this check box if you want to create a target. Every time an entity is created in the system, a target record is also created. This field is only visible if at least one of the use case accelerator applications is installed. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Expected ALE | Annual Loss of Expectancy (ALE) refers to the product of the annual rate of occurrence (ARO) and the single loss expectancy (SLE). Expected ALE is the expected value of the ALE for the risk statement. Enter currency and amount for the expected ALE. Note: This value must be less than or equal to the Maximum acceptable ALE. |
| Maximum acceptable ALE | Threshold value for the ALE for the risk statement. Note: This value must be greater than or equal to theExpected ALE. This value has an impact on the Tolerance status field. |
| Sum of calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the sum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Average calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the average of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |




<!-- Page 398 -->
Field Description
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Minimum calculated ALE This calculation is based on the minimum
of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks
of the risk statement and its children risk
statements.
Tolerance Status Automatically calculated based on tolerance
values.
◦If the Calculated ALE is less than or equal
to the Expected ALE = Acceptable in green
◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the
Expected ALE, but less than or equal to the
Max acceptable ALE = Needs Attention in
orange
◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the
Maximum acceptable ALE = Unacceptable
in red
Note: If the Tolerance Status changes
to Needs Attention or Unacceptable,
emails are automatically sent to the
entity owner and risk manager to
investigate.
Calculated Score The corresponding score for the calculated
ALE:
◦Low
◦Med
◦High
6.In the Basel Business Line related list, in the Basel business lines field, map your entity to the
Basel lines of business.
7.Click Update downstream entities business line if you want all the downstream entities to
inherit the Basel business line that you have selected.
8.Click Submit or Update.
Relate entities to each other
Create relationships between entities to understand how controls and risks affect each other
and how they affect the enterprise.
Before you begin
Role required:
•sn_compliance.admin or sn_compliance.manager
•sn_risk.admin or sn_risk.manager
•sn_audit.admin or sn_audit.manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3833
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Minimum calculated ALE | This calculation is based on the minimum of calculated ALE of all the underlying risks of the risk statement and its children risk statements. |
| Tolerance Status | Automatically calculated based on tolerance values. ◦If the Calculated ALE is less than or equal to the Expected ALE = Acceptable in green ◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the Expected ALE, but less than or equal to the Max acceptable ALE = Needs Attention in orange ◦If the Calculated ALE is greater than the Maximum acceptable ALE = Unacceptable in red Note: If the Tolerance Status changes to Needs Attention or Unacceptable, emails are automatically sent to the entity owner and risk manager to investigate. |
| Calculated Score | The corresponding score for the calculated ALE: ◦Low ◦Med ◦High |

