# Entity classes



<!-- Page 399 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate using any of these options.
◦Policy and Compliance > Scoping > All Entities.
◦Risk > Scoping > All Entities.
◦Audit > Scoping > All Entities.
2. Open the entity record from the list.
3. Perform one of the following actions.
Option Description
To specify that the current entity is down­ Click the Add button in the Upstream entities
stream of another entity related list.
To specify that the current entity is up­ Click the Add button in the Downstream enti­
stream of another entity ties related list.
4.Select the desired entities to relate the current entity to and click Create Relationship.
Result
The entities displayed after clicking Add on the Upstream entities or Downstream entities
related lists are limited based on the current entity's class and the tier it belongs to.
Note: If there are no eligible entities which can be related to the current entity, then the
Add button is not displayed on the Upstream entities or Downstream entities related lists.
Entity classes
Entity classes are used to add a conceptual information about the entity or to tag the entity. They
are used to classify the entities and they represent a collection of entities that have the same
attributes.
To understand the concept of entity class, consider an example. A company has office branches
in three cities. The office space is considered as an entity and the entity class for these entities
would be the location. For example, Risk as an entity could be a process or it could be the
department in an organization. The entity class defines whether it belongs as a process or as a
class in this example.
Entity classes are listed under Lists in the workspace view. Click an entity class in the List view to
display its details.
The Details tab in the Entity classes form displays the following fields:
•Name
•Tier
•Parent class
•Description
•Is root check box condition
The Entity classes page displays the following related lists:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3834
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |




<!-- Page 400 -->
Related lists in the Entity class form
Related list Description
Entities Information on the entities:
•Name
•Owned by
•Compliance Score (%)
Child classes Information on the child classes:
•Name
•Tier
•Is root check box
To save the newly created entity class configuration, click Save.
Create an entity class
Create an entity class that is associated with an entity. Entity classes are used to add a
conceptual information about the entity and classify the entities. They represent a collection of
entities that have the same attributes such as Department, Business Unit, or Business Service.
You can gather data about the entities based on the entity class.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, and
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
About this task
Entity classes are used to classify and tag your entities. After tagging the entities, you can gather
data about the entities based on the entity classes.
Procedure
1.Navigate to the desired workspace, go to the List view, and select Entity classes.
2. To create a entity class, select New.
3. In the Details tab, fill in the fields.
Create New Entity Class form
Field Description
Structure Structure of the entity class. The options are as follows:
◦Single: Option to configure a single dimension entity class.
◦Composite: Option to configure a multidimensional entity class.
Note: The Composite Entity Management application must be
installed to configure a composite entity class.
Number of Option to select the required number of entity class dimensions. This field
dimensions appears only when Composite is selected from Structure.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3835
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Related list | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entities | Information on the entities: •Name •Owned by •Compliance Score (%) |
| Child classes | Information on the child classes: •Name •Tier •Is root check box |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Structure | Structure of the entity class. The options are as follows: ◦Single: Option to configure a single dimension entity class. ◦Composite: Option to configure a multidimensional entity class. Note: The Composite Entity Management application must be installed to configure a composite entity class. |




<!-- Page 401 -->
Field Description
Note: You can select up to 5 dimensions.
Applicable Option to select the required entity classes. The order in which you select
entity them doesn’t affect the risk roll-up, but the same order will be used to choose
classes entities from each class. This field appears only when Composite is selected
from Structure.
Name Name of the entity class.
Note: If you select Composite in the Structure field, the name is
automatically generated based on the selected entity classes, with a
separator between them.
Description Additional information about the entity class.
Parent class Parent class associated with the new entity class such as Company or
Department. This field appears only when Single is selected from Structure.
Is root Condition to check if the new entity class is a root. Options are True or False.
This field appears only when Single is selected from Structure.
Primary risk Risk assessment methodology that must be used as the primary
assessment methodology for the entity class.
methodology
Tier Tier for the new entity class such as Application or Business. This field
appears only when Single is selected from Structure.
Attachments Attachments associated with the entity class that is displayed in the side
panel.
4.Select Save.
After saving, the new entity class is displayed in the Entity classes list in the List view. When
you select the new entity class, the following additional related lists are displayed:
◦Entities
◦Child classes
5. Navigate to the Entities related list and fill in the fields under the Entity class section.
Entity class information on the Entities related list
Field Description
Name Name of the entity.
Owned by Owner of the entity.
Compliance Score percentage Compliance score percentage for the entity.
6.Navigate to the Child classes related list and fill in the fields under the Entity class section.
Entity class information on the Child classes related list
Field Description
Name Name of the entity class.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3836
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: You can select up to 5 dimensions. | Note: You can select up to 5 dimensions. |
| Applicable entity classes | Option to select the required entity classes. The order in which you select them doesn’t affect the risk roll-up, but the same order will be used to choose entities from each class. This field appears only when Composite is selected from Structure. |  |
| Name | Name of the entity class. Note: If you select Composite in the Structure field, the name is automatically generated based on the selected entity classes, with a separator between them. |  |
| Description | Additional information about the entity class. |  |
| Parent class | Parent class associated with the new entity class such as Company or Department. This field appears only when Single is selected from Structure. |  |
| Is root | Condition to check if the new entity class is a root. Options are True or False. This field appears only when Single is selected from Structure. |  |
| Primary risk assessment methodology | Risk assessment methodology that must be used as the primary methodology for the entity class. |  |
| Tier | Tier for the new entity class such as Application or Business. This field appears only when Single is selected from Structure. |  |
| Attachments | Attachments associated with the entity class that is displayed in the side panel. |  |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the entity. |
| Owned by | Owner of the entity. |
| Compliance Score percentage | Compliance score percentage for the entity. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the entity class. |




<!-- Page 402 -->
Field Description
Tier Tier for the new entity class.
Is root Condition to check if the new entity class is root. Options are True or False.
7.To save the entity class, select Save.
Update entity classes for multiple entities
Provide an entity class for multiple entities where the class field is empty. Entity classes are used
to add a conceptual information about the entity and classify the entities. As an administrator,
you can update the entity classes for multiple entities with a single click.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
About this task
The classes are only added for the entities that match the filter conditions and that do not have
any entity classes associated with them. You can use the Bulk Update Entity Class option in the
classic user interface to perform the action in the following different ways:
•All entities with empty class: Use this option to apply a common class to all entities that have
an empty class field across all tables that match the filter criteria. As an administrator, you can
set the filter conditions.
•Select a table: Use this option to apply a common class to all the entities that have an empty
class field in the selected table.
Procedure
1.In the classic user interface, navigate to Administration > Bulk Update Entity Class.
2. To select your entities, do one of the following:
◦In the Record Selection field, select the All entities with an empty class.
add the filter condition if applicable with an ADD or OR clause.
◦In the Record Selection field, select Select a table to select the entities from a table.
3. After selecting the record, click Refresh.
The number of updated records that match the filter condition are displayed. The classes are
added only for the entities that match the filter conditions and that do not have any classes
associated with them.
4.To select the class that will be applied to the selected record, use the Set the entity class as
field.
5. Click Submit.
Result
The entity classes for multiple entities are updated.
Scheduled jobs for Governance, Risk, and Compliance
Scheduled jobs are automated pieces of work that can be performed at a specific time or on
a recurring schedule. GRC administrators run the scheduled jobs on demand to automate the
tasks such as setting an entity class on the entities depending on the entity class rule.
Starting with the Australia release, the following scheduled jobs are provided for GRC:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3837
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Tier | Tier for the new entity class. |
| Is root | Condition to check if the new entity class is root. Options are True or False. |

