# Entity class rules



<!-- Page 403 -->
•GRC set entity class on entities based on entity class rule:
Use this scheduled job to populate the entity class rule for multiple entities at a time. The
scheduled job script checks all the entity class rules, checks all the entities where the entity
class field is empty, and updates the entity class for multiple entities.
•GRC set entity class on entities same as pillar: This scheduled job is
provided for the GRC: Operational Resilience application users.
The Operational Resilience base system includes five pillars. Pillars are the categories that
are used to organize risk data that is pulled from their associated entity types. If the GRC:
Operational Resilience application is installed in the instance, the Pillar field displays the pillar
in the application to which an entity type is assigned. If an entity class is not defined for the
entity type, it is mapped to the value that is displayed in the Pillar field using the GRC set
entity class on entities same as pillar job.
Entity class rules
Entity class rules help to assign classes to the entities at the table level. Any new entity created
on the table gets that entity class automatically. Entity classes are used to tag your entities.
When you create an entity for a table, the class associated with that table automatically gets
assigned to the entity. You can set a new rule for the entity class. Entity class rules provide the
categories of the entities at the class level. The Entity class rules option is displayed under Lists
in the workspace view. Click an Entity class rule to display its details.
The Details tab in the Entity class rules form displays the following information:
Details tab in the Entity class rules page
Field Description
Table Name of the table that the entity class is
associated with after creating an entity class
rule.
Class Name of the entity class to be associated with
the table that uses the new entity class rule.
Entity class rule filter
Entity class rule filter is added in the entity class rule page to provide additional filters. Earlier,
records of a table can be associated to only one entity class. Using the entity class rule filter, you
can associate different classes to the records of the same table.
The Entity class rule filter table displays the following information:
Entity class rule filter
Field Description
Filter Priority
Filter priority is the range for the subclass. The
class is populated in the entity form based on
the priority given.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3838
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Name of the table that the entity class is associated with after creating an entity class rule. |
| Class | Name of the entity class to be associated with the table that uses the new entity class rule. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Filter Priority | Filter priority is the range for the subclass. The class is populated in the entity form based on the priority given. |




<!-- Page 404 -->
Entity class rule filter (continued)
Field Description
Subclass
Subclass is the child class of the parent class
that is displayed in the details tab of entity
class rules.
Filter Condition
Filter Condition is used to filter out the records
of the table that defines the entity class rule.
For example, if there are two subclasses with
different condition then the parent class is
populated instead of the subclasses.
Note: The subclasses are displayed
in the entity forms only if they meet the
same filter condition.
Logic for assigning entity classes
Assume that there is a record in the cmdb_ci_linux_server table and an entity class rule
associated to this table. The entity class rule has these class rule filters:
Entity class rule
Scenario 1: If the entity's source record belongs to the cmdb_ci_linux_server table and matches
all the conditions of the second filter, then the entity's class is auto-populated as sub class,
Department.
Scenario 2: If the entity's source record belongs to the cmdb_ci_linux_server table and its name
starts with lnux (satisfies both the filters), then the sub class Application is auto-populated as an
entity class.
Scenario 3: If the entity's source record doesn't satisfy any of the class rule filters, then the class
Linux Server is auto-populated as an entity class.
Create an entity class rule
Create a rule for an entity class. Entity class rules provide the classification of the entities at the
class level. You can create a new entity class rule for an entity class that is associated with a
table. After creating the new entity class rule, the Entity class rules table is updated with the new
record.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, and
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3839
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Subclass | Subclass is the child class of the parent class that is displayed in the details tab of entity class rules. |
| Filter Condition | Filter Condition is used to filter out the records of the table that defines the entity class rule. For example, if there are two subclasses with different condition then the parent class is populated instead of the subclasses. Note: The subclasses are displayed in the entity forms only if they meet the same filter condition. |




<!-- Page 405 -->
Procedure
1.Navigate to the desired workspace, go to the List view, and click Entity class rules.
Note: You can't create an entity class rule from the Compliance Workspace. You can
create it only in the Core UI.
2. Click New.
A Create New Entity class rule page with the Details tab is displayed.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Create entity class rule form
Field Description
Table Table that the entity class belongs to.
Class Class associated with the entity such as Business unit or Application.
4.To save the entity class rule, click Save.
Create an entity class rule filter
You can create an entity class rule filter to assign classes at the filter level on the same table that
is defined on the class rule.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, and
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to the desired workspace, go to the List view, and click Entity class rules.
Note: You can't create an entity class rule filter from the Compliance Workspace. You
can create it only in the Core UI.
2. Select any entity class rule from the list.
3. To add a new entity class rule filter, in the Entity class rule filters tab, click New.
4.Fill in all the fields in the table.
For more information about the fields, see Entity class rule filter fields.
5. Click Submit.
Result
A new record is created under the Entity class rule filters tab on the Entity Class Rule form.
Entity class rule filter fields
You can create an entity class rule filter by filling out the fields that display after you click the New
option in the entity class rule filters related list.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3840
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Table that the entity class belongs to. |
| Class | Class associated with the entity such as Business unit or Application. |

