# Entity types



<!-- Page 406 -->
Entity class rule filter fields
Field Description
Table Table that is auto-filled from the associated
entity class rule.
Subclass
Entity class to be applied for all the entities
whose source record matches the class rule
filter.
Filter condition Condition that can filter out the records from
the table. The entity class that is specified
in the subclass may be applied (as per the
class assignment rules) to the entity that is
associated to any of these records.
Filter priority
Filter priority. If a source record of an entity
satisfies a multiple class rule filters condition,
the class is picked from the filter with the
lowest priority.
For example, if you have two subclass
applications and departments that have
priority 0 and 1, respectively, the application
subclass that has the lower priority is auto-
filled in the rule and control form.
Entity types
Entity type is a grouping of the entities that match a set of filter conditions. You can create a
hierarchy of the entity types within the entity classes. The Entity types option is displayed under
the Lists view in the workspace. Click an entity type to display its details.
An entity type is a grouping of entities that is based on filtering. Entity types enable you to find
and create entities that match a set of filter conditions. Hierarchy can be created within the
entity classes. Entity types also enable you to create risks and controls for each entity without
spending much time. For example, an organization can have multiple departments, such as
finance, HR, or IT. All these departments can be considered as entities and can be grouped
under the entity type called Departments.
Within an entity type, you can assign an owner and an entity class. You can associate a control
objective and risk statements to the entity type so that risks and controls get automatically
created for those entities. For every entity created using the entity type, the configuration and
filter are applied so that the entity class and entity owner get automatically assigned for each
entity.
When you create entity types and associate risk statements and control objectives to them, the
risk and controls are automatically created for all the entities. The benefit of creating entity types
is that it eliminates the need for maintaining multiple spreadsheets with the associated risks and
controls for each entity. By applying entity types, you can quickly create entities by using the
entity filters that are present within the entity types. Entity types can contain entities associated
with different classes.
Grouping entities also helps in rolling up and aggregating the risk scores after risk assessments
are performed. To understand how grouping entities contribute to rolling up the risk scores,
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3841
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Table that is auto-filled from the associated entity class rule. |
| Subclass | Entity class to be applied for all the entities whose source record matches the class rule filter. |
| Filter condition | Condition that can filter out the records from the table. The entity class that is specified in the subclass may be applied (as per the class assignment rules) to the entity that is associated to any of these records. |
| Filter priority | Filter priority. If a source record of an entity satisfies a multiple class rule filters condition, the class is picked from the filter with the lowest priority. For example, if you have two subclass applications and departments that have priority 0 and 1, respectively, the application subclass that has the lower priority is auto- filled in the rule and control form. |




<!-- Page 407 -->
consider the following example. Assume that there's a banking organization called Acer Finance.
Acer Finance has two business lines: Banking and Retail. The Banking division has further
subdivisions such as Commercial Banking and Private Banking. The risk assessments are
generally performed at the bottom-most level. In this example, the assessment is performed
at the Commercial Banking and Private Banking levels. The reporting, however, is done at the
top-most level. This means that the risk assessment scores of Commercial Banking and Private
Banking roll up and aggregate at the Banking level. Similarly, the scores of the Banking and
Investment roll up to the Acer Finance organization level.
Entities in entity type are created based on the conditions set in the Entity Filter. In entity filters,
the following filter conditions are defined:
•Build your own conditions: The entity filter defines the table from which the data is pulled into
each entity type for display. Options in the Entity filter related list under Entity Type are revised
such that Build your own conditions is same as the previous condition builder.
•Select from predefined queries: A new option is introduced as Select from predefined queries
that uses the Configuration Management Database (CMDB) queries.
The Details tab in the Entity type page displays the following information:
•Name
•Compliance Score (%)
•Check box condition to display if the entity type is active
•Description
The Entity type page displays the following related lists:
Related lists in the Entity type section
Related list Description
Entities Information on the entities:
•Entity
•Description
•Class
•Owned by
•Residual rating
•Compliance Score (%)
Entity Filters Information on the entity filters:
•Entity filter type
•Table
•Filter condition
•Use owner field
•Owner field
Risk frameworks Details of the risk framework. Click Add to add
a new risk frameworks record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3842
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Related list | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entities | Information on the entities: •Entity •Description •Class •Owned by •Residual rating •Compliance Score (%) |
| Entity Filters | Information on the entity filters: •Entity filter type •Table •Filter condition •Use owner field •Owner field |
| Risk frameworks | Details of the risk framework. Click Add to add a new risk frameworks record. |




<!-- Page 408 -->
Related lists in the Entity type section (continued)
Related list Description
Risk Statements Details of the risk statements such as Risk
Statement, Framework, Category, and
Description.
Policies Details of the policies such as number, name,
Type, Owner, State, Valid from, Valid to, and
Compliance Score percentage.
Control Objectives Details of the control objectives such
as Control objective, Category, Type,
Classification, and Compliance Score
percentage.
Entity Filters Details of the entity filter such as Entity
Filter type, Table, Filter Condition, Query,
Information objects, Use owner field, Owner
field.
Policy Exceptions Details of the policy exceptions.
Content References Details of the content references.
Privacy assessments Details of the privacy assessments for the
entity type.
Attachments Attachments associated with the entity type
displayed in the side panel.
Create an entity type
Create an entity type for the entities in your system. Entity types enable you to find and create
new entities that match a set of filter conditions. You can create a hierarchy of the entity types
within the entity classes.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, and
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to the desired workspace, go to the List view, and click Entity types.
2. Click New.
A Create New Entity Type page with the Details tab is displayed.
3. In the Details tab, fill in the fields.
Details tab in the Create New Entity Type page
Field Description
Name Name of the entity type.
Compliance Score Percentage Compliance score percentage assigned to the entity type.
Active Option to set the entity type as active.
Description Description of the entity type.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3843
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Related list | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Risk Statements | Details of the risk statements such as Risk Statement, Framework, Category, and Description. |
| Policies | Details of the policies such as number, name, Type, Owner, State, Valid from, Valid to, and Compliance Score percentage. |
| Control Objectives | Details of the control objectives such as Control objective, Category, Type, Classification, and Compliance Score percentage. |
| Entity Filters | Details of the entity filter such as Entity Filter type, Table, Filter Condition, Query, Information objects, Use owner field, Owner field. |
| Policy Exceptions | Details of the policy exceptions. |
| Content References | Details of the content references. |
| Privacy assessments | Details of the privacy assessments for the entity type. |
| Attachments | Attachments associated with the entity type displayed in the side panel. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the entity type. |
| Compliance Score Percentage | Compliance score percentage assigned to the entity type. |
| Active | Option to set the entity type as active. |
| Description | Description of the entity type. |




<!-- Page 409 -->
4.To save the entity type, click Save.
When you save the entity type, the other related lists are displayed on the Entity type page.
Update the related lists as applicable.
◦Details
◦Entities
◦Entity Filters
◦Risk Frameworks
◦Risk Statements
◦Policies
◦Control Objectives
◦Policy Exceptions
◦Content References
◦Privacy Assessments
See An entity in the workspace view for more information.
5. To save the entity type, click Save.
Entity filters
Entity types enable you to find and create entities that match a set of filter conditions. Entity
types include predefined entity filters that define the data to be displayed in the user interface.
The entity filter defines the table from which data is pulled into each entity type for display.
Entities in entity type are created based on the conditions set in the entity filter. You can create a
new entity filter by navigating to the Entity types tab under the List view.
The options in the Entity filter tab under the Entity type are revised so that Build your own
conditions condition builder uses the same option that was used in the previous condition
builder. In addition, the new Select from predefined queries option leverages the Configuration
Management Database (CMDB) queries. The following options are now available in the Entity
filters related list under Entity type:
•Build your own conditions.
•Select from predefined queries using the Configuration Management Database (CMDB) Query
Builder.
The Entity filters tab displays the following information:
•Entity filter type: Entity filter type such as Build your own conditions or Select from predefined
queries.
•Table: Table that contains the records to be queried such as
sn_audit_advanced_auditable_unit.
•Filter condition: Filter conditions for the source table to generate entities.
•Use owner field: Use the default owner to assign risks to a single user when the owner field is
empty.
•Owner field: Person who owns any new entities generated from the entity type. Identify the
user reference field on the source table to automatically identify risk and control owners.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3844
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.



<!-- Page 410 -->
Use the new Entity class field in the entity filters under the entity type to assign an entity class to
an entity filter. When you use an entity filter to create an entity, an entity class gets assigned to it
automatically.
Create an entity filter
Create an entity filter under an entity type in the workspace view. Entities in entity type are
created based on the conditions set in the Entity Filter. The entity filter defines the table from
which data is pulled into each entity type for display.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.manager, sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager, and
sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager
About this task
You can use one of the following filter conditions for the entity type:
•Build your own conditions
•Select from predefined queries
Procedure
1.Navigate to the desired workspace, go to the List view, and click Entity types.
2. Click an entity type in the list and navigate to the Entity Filters tab.
3. To create a new entity filter, click New.
The Create New Entity Filter page is displayed.
4.In the Details tab, fill in the fields.
Create New Entity Filter form in the Details tab
Field Description
Filter for
Entity type Name of the entity type under which the new entity filter is created.
Filter conditions
Entity filter
type: Build Type of the entity filter that is used for filtering the data. Use the
your own Configuration Management Database (CMDB) Query Builder to build your
conditions own query.
The Configuration Management Database (CMDB) is used to search the
database for the entities. It provides the following methods for filtering:
◦Build your own conditions
◦Select from predefined queries
Complete the following steps for the Build your own conditions entity filter
type:
a.In the Entity filter type field, select the entity filter type as Build your
own conditions.
b.In the Table field, select a table from the populated list.
c.In the Filter condition field, click Set conditions, build a filter condition,
click Set, and view the matching results.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3845
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Filter for |  |
| Entity type | Name of the entity type under which the new entity filter is created. |
| Filter conditions |  |
| Entity filter type: Build your own conditions | Type of the entity filter that is used for filtering the data. Use the Configuration Management Database (CMDB) Query Builder to build your own query. The Configuration Management Database (CMDB) is used to search the database for the entities. It provides the following methods for filtering: ◦Build your own conditions ◦Select from predefined queries Complete the following steps for the Build your own conditions entity filter type: a.In the Entity filter type field, select the entity filter type as Build your own conditions. b.In the Table field, select a table from the populated list. c.In the Filter condition field, click Set conditions, build a filter condition, click Set, and view the matching results. |




<!-- Page 411 -->
Field Description
Entity Predefined query to scope the entity. Complete the following steps for the
filter type: Select from predefined queries option:
Select from
a.In the Query field, select a predefined query such as Business Apps
predefined
using Information Object that is applicable for the selected entity.
queries option
Table associated with the entity when a predefined query is selected.
The table is automatically populated.
b.In the Information objects field, select only the applications and
processes that have information objects associated with them. To add
more information objects, click Information objects and type information
objects such as Email.
Note: To use a predefined CMDB query for entity scoping, GRC
administrators must assign the GRC Scoping tag to the selected
CMDB query.
As a sn_grc.admin user, navigate to Policy and Compliance >
Administration > GRC Properties or navigate to Risk Administration
> GRC Properties in an instance, set the Enable entity scoping for
CMDB query property as Yes and click Save.
Assignment
Entity class Entity class to be associated with the entity type. You can now assign
an entity class to an entity filter under entity type. When a new entity
gets created using an entity filter, an entity class gets assigned to it
automatically.
Use owner field Option to use the owner field. The owner is the identified risk owner
associated with the entity type. This condition uses the Owner field
information in the query. When the check box for this field is selected, the
following fields are displayed:
◦Owner field: Select a table before modifying the Owner field. Then,
select the owner to be associated with the new entity filter.
◦Default owner field: Select a default owner from the list.
◦Empty owner field: Select one of the following options:
▪Create: Create an owner for the entity filter.
▪Do not create: Do not create a new owner for the entity filter.
▪Use Default: Use the default owner for the entity filter.
Attachments Attachments associated with the entity that are displayed in the side panel.
5. To save the entity filter, click Save.
Create an entity filter in the Core UI
Create an entity filter under an entity type in the classic user interface. The entity filter defines
the table from which data is pulled into each entity type for display. If the entities belong to an
application, the users who have access to the entity class that is associated with the entity can
only view those entities.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3846
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entity filter type: Select from predefined queries option | Predefined query to scope the entity. Complete the following steps for the Select from predefined queries option: a.In the Query field, select a predefined query such as Business Apps using Information Object that is applicable for the selected entity. Table associated with the entity when a predefined query is selected. The table is automatically populated. b.In the Information objects field, select only the applications and processes that have information objects associated with them. To add more information objects, click Information objects and type information objects such as Email. Note: To use a predefined CMDB query for entity scoping, GRC administrators must assign the GRC Scoping tag to the selected CMDB query. As a sn_grc.admin user, navigate to Policy and Compliance > Administration > GRC Properties or navigate to Risk Administration > GRC Properties in an instance, set the Enable entity scoping for CMDB query property as Yes and click Save. |
| Assignment |  |
| Entity class | Entity class to be associated with the entity type. You can now assign an entity class to an entity filter under entity type. When a new entity gets created using an entity filter, an entity class gets assigned to it automatically. |
| Use owner field | Option to use the owner field. The owner is the identified risk owner associated with the entity type. This condition uses the Owner field information in the query. When the check box for this field is selected, the following fields are displayed: ◦Owner field: Select a table before modifying the Owner field. Then, select the owner to be associated with the new entity filter. ◦Default owner field: Select a default owner from the list. ◦Empty owner field: Select one of the following options: ▪Create: Create an owner for the entity filter. ▪Do not create: Do not create a new owner for the entity filter. ▪Use Default: Use the default owner for the entity filter. |
| Attachments | Attachments associated with the entity that are displayed in the side panel. |

