# Entity tiers



<!-- Page 412 -->
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.manager
Procedure
1.In the classic user interface, navigate to the Entity types list.
2. Click an entity type in the list and navigate to the Entity Filters tab.
3. To create a new entity filter, click New.
Create entity filter form
Field Description
Entity Name of the entity type.
type
Entity Type of the entity filter. The options are as follows:
filter type
◦Build your own conditions
◦Select from predefined queries
Table Name of the table from which the records are filtered.
Filter Filter conditions that display the matching results.
condition
Entity Entity class for the entity type.
class
Use Option to use Owner field information in the query. The owner is the identified risk
owner owner associated with the entity type. When this option is selected, the following
field fields are displayed:
◦Owner field: Select a table before modifying the Owner field. Then, select the
owner to be associated with the new entity filter.
◦Default owner field: Select a default owner from the list.
◦Empty owner field: Select one of the following options:
▪Create: Create an owner for the entity filter.
▪Do not create: Do not create a new owner for the entity filter.
▪Use Default: Use the default owner for the entity filter.
4.To save the entity filter, click Submit.
Entity tiers
When you create entity tiers, you can apply a level or hierarchy to the entity classes. This level
applies to all the entities that are associated with the entity classes. Entity tiers enable you to
select and view the status of the most critical items in the business.
Consider the following example. Assume that the Chief Product Officer of your organization
wants to see the status of only the most critical financial business applications. If you have
created a hierarchy or set of tiers for the entities, then you can filter the tier 1 entities and present
the required data. Each entity class can belong to only one tier.
By creating entity tiers, you can better understand how your lower tier entities affect your higher
tier entities. For example, assume that you created the entity hierarchy where Business is tier 1,
Application is tier 2, and IT asset is tier 3. Therefore, the risks of the entities of tier 3 affect the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3847
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Entity type | Name of the entity type. |
| Entity filter type | Type of the entity filter. The options are as follows: ◦Build your own conditions ◦Select from predefined queries |
| Table | Name of the table from which the records are filtered. |
| Filter condition | Filter conditions that display the matching results. |
| Entity class | Entity class for the entity type. |
| Use owner field | Option to use Owner field information in the query. The owner is the identified risk owner associated with the entity type. When this option is selected, the following fields are displayed: ◦Owner field: Select a table before modifying the Owner field. Then, select the owner to be associated with the new entity filter. ◦Default owner field: Select a default owner from the list. ◦Empty owner field: Select one of the following options: ▪Create: Create an owner for the entity filter. ▪Do not create: Do not create a new owner for the entity filter. ▪Use Default: Use the default owner for the entity filter. |

