# Viewing and updating Governance, Risk, and Compliance exceptions



<!-- Page 413 -->
entities of tier 2 and that in turn affects tier 1. This roll-up or aggregation provides accurate risk
scores.
The Entity tiers option is displayed under the Lists view in the workspace. Click an entity tier to
display its details. The Details tab in the Entity tiers page displays the following information:
Details tab in the Entity tiers page
Field Description
Label Label of the entity tier that is displayed in
the user interface such as Application or
Business.
Tier level Tier level of the entity tier such as 15 or 20.
Name Name of the entity tier such as application or
business.
Create an entity tier
Create an entity tier for the entity classes in your organization. When you create entity tiers, you
can apply a level or hierarchy to the entity classes. The hierarchy level applies to all the entities
associated with the entity classes.
Before you begin
Roles required: sn_grc.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to Administration > Entity Tiers in the Core UI.
The Entity tiers list is displayed.
2. Click New.
A Create New Entity Tier page with the Details tab is displayed. The breadcrumb navigation
menu is displayed at the top of the page.
3. In the Details tab, fill in the fields.
Details tab in the Entity tier form
Field Description
Label Label for the new entity tier.
Tier level Tier level for the new entity tier.
Name Name of the new entity tier.
Attachments Attachments associated with the entity displayed in the side panel.
4.To save the entity tier, click Save.
Viewing and updating Governance, Risk, and Compliance
exceptions
Report exceptions as it is critical for businesses to quickly identify and address key business
process issues before they become a problem. Using exceptions to manage errors has
advantages over traditional error-management techniques.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3848
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label of the entity tier that is displayed in the user interface such as Application or Business. |
| Tier level | Tier level of the entity tier such as 15 or 20. |
| Name | Name of the entity tier such as application or business. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label for the new entity tier. |
| Tier level | Tier level for the new entity tier. |
| Name | Name of the new entity tier. |
| Attachments | Attachments associated with the entity displayed in the side panel. |




<!-- Page 414 -->
Before you begin
Role required: sn_grc.admin
About this task
An exception report is a document that lists instances in which actual performance is deviated
from expectations. GRC exception is a capability using which you can record or associate
business exceptions with GRC objects such as citations, automated factors, and so on. Each
exception record has details such as the category of the exception, the record in the table, and
the field with which the exception is associated. The administrator can view the list of exceptions
and resolve them. Whenever an exception is raised, the solution to resolve the exception is also
given in the exception description. The administrator uses the proposed solution to resolve the
exception. An example of an exception is when a user has not configured a risk assessment
methodology but is trying to perform an object assessment. When an administrator resolves one
type of exception, all other similar exceptions get resolved.
Procedure
1.Navigate to GRC Exceptions > Exception Report.
2. Open the exception record you want to resolve.
3. On the form, fill in the field.
Exception form
Field Description
Number Unique number of the exception that is
raised.
Exception category Category to which an exception belongs. The
choices are:
◦Configuration: Example: A risk
administrator tries configuring a form and
giving a user the authority to perform a task
for which the user does not have the right
role.
◦Runtime: Example: When something runs
automatically such as an Indicator.
State State of exception. The default state is Open.
Application Application to which the exception belongs.
Description Detailed description of the exception and the
possible solution for resolution.
Exception Record Details
Source table Table on which the exception has occurred.
Record reference Record on which the exception has occurred.
For example, an exception is raised on a risk
assessment instance response.
Column reference The column that contains the record.
Activity
Additional comments Notes on the resolution of the exception or
any other additional information.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3849
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number of the exception that is raised. |
| Exception category | Category to which an exception belongs. The choices are: ◦Configuration: Example: A risk administrator tries configuring a form and giving a user the authority to perform a task for which the user does not have the right role. ◦Runtime: Example: When something runs automatically such as an Indicator. |
| State | State of exception. The default state is Open. |
| Application | Application to which the exception belongs. |
| Description | Detailed description of the exception and the possible solution for resolution. |
| Exception Record Details |  |
| Source table | Table on which the exception has occurred. |
| Record reference | Record on which the exception has occurred. For example, an exception is raised on a risk assessment instance response. |
| Column reference | The column that contains the record. |
| Activity |  |
| Additional comments | Notes on the resolution of the exception or any other additional information. |

