# Risk profile

*Pages 11–11*

•Configuring Third-party Risk Management
•Classic assessment configuration
•Smart assessment configuration
•Requesting third-party risk due diligence
•Assessing your third-party risk
•Monitoring your third-party risk
•Approving or rejecting requests for due diligence
•Managing the contract risk process
•Using digital resilience third-party registers
•Managing the Third-party portal
•Using risk intelligence reports and scores
•Integrating scores from risk intelligence providers
•Third-party Risk Management reference
Related topics
Due diligence workflow
Smart assessments with Third-party Risk Management
Exploring software bill of materials collection
AI-assisted questionnaire pre-fill using the Document Management System
Risk profile
A risk profile is a comprehensive assessment of the potential risks that are associated with a
particular third party. To generate a risk profile, you evaluate and document several aspects of
the third party's operations, practices, and relationships. The aim is to understand the level of
risk they may pose to your organization.
A risk profile enables you to make informed decisions about engaging, monitoring, and mitigating
risks associated with third parties. Identify areas of concern, implement risk mitigation strategies,
and establish ongoing monitoring processes to help you align third-party relationships with your
risk tolerance and strategic objectives.
To prioritize and manage risks effectively, you assign scores or ratings to many risk factors and
aggregate them to generate an overall risk assessment for the third party. TPRM displays risk
profile information on the Home page.
Components of a third-party risk profile
Third-party information
Basic details such as name, location, contact information, size, and ownership
structure.
Composite Risk Ratings
•IRQ results
•External assessment ratings
•Engagement ratings
•Risk intelligence ratings
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 2993
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.