# Assign TPRM roles to users and user groups

*Pages 40–40*

Setup tasks for TPRM (continued)
Task Description
For more information, see Configure related lists for vertical
navigation on record pages.
Related topics
Classic assessment configuration
Smart assessment configuration
Assign TPRM roles to users and user groups
Assign roles to users before you implement or use the Third-party Risk Management application.
Assigning roles in a well-organized manner simplifies and improves process management and
helps to ensure that users are promptly notified of tasks in their areas of responsibility.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
The roles discussed in this procedure are described in Roles in Third-party Risk Management.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Administration > User Groups.
2. Select the Roles related list to assign roles to the group.
a.In the search field for the Collection list, enter sn_vdr to view the list of roles that relate to
the TPRM application.
TPRM roles are described in Roles in Third-party Risk Management.
b.Move the roles that are appropriate for the group from the Collection list to the Roles list and
then select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3022
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Task | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | For more information, see Configure related lists for vertical navigation on record pages. |
