# Configure TPRM properties

*Pages 43–43*

2. Select the name of the group to update.
3. Optional: Specify a manager for the group.
The group manager is responsible for continuously updating group membership. The group
manager typically has the same role (or higher) as the members.
4.Optional: Specify an email alias for the group.
◦If you don’t specify an alias, then a separate email notification is sent to each member.
◦If you specify an alias, then a single email notification is sent with all members in the To: list.
5. On the Group Members related list, select Edit.
6.Move all appropriate users from the Collection list to the Group Members list and then select
Save.
7.Optional: Use the Groups related list to add subgroups to the group that you’re defining.
This option enables you to organize users into practical subsets.
8.Repeat the process for each group.
Related topics
Roles in Third-party Risk Management
TPRM and the Explicit Roles plugin
Configure TPRM properties
Configure property settings for a variety of TPRM operations.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin
About this task
You can specify the following property settings:
Organization name [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.company.name]
Third-party contacts see this name in all references on the Third-party portal.
Excel cell text delimiter [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.excel_choice_delimiter]
Character string that separates response text in questions of type ‘Choice’ and
‘Multiple Selection’.
Common delimiters: \r, \n, \t, \r\n, and the comma character.
Maximum Excel file size [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.excel_file_max_size]
Maximum file size in MB that can be imported.
Maximum age for reusing responses
[sn_tprm_dd.max_age_for_questionnaire_reuse]
Maximum age in days for a questionnaire to be used to pre-populate responses in
a new questionnaire. The questionnaire from the most recent closed assessment
is used. This setting applies when a user selects the Include previous responses
option when configuring a questionnaire or questionnaire template.
Allow assessors to answer/edit questionnaires for third-party contacts
[sn_svdp.allow_assessor_edit]
You can set the following options:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3025
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.