# Enable the TPRM Risk concentration map

*Pages 44–44*

•Enter answer to enable TPR assessors [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] to
answer questions or modify responses (default).
•Enter edit to enable TPR assessors to modify responses.
•Enter false to not enable TPR assessors to answer questions or modify
responses.
Smart Assessment Engine enabled [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.sae_enabled]
The option to use Smart Assessment Engine or Assessment Engine.
•Select the check box to enable Smart Assessment Engine for TPRM.
•When the check box isn’t selected Smart Assessment Engine isn’t enabled for
TPRM.
Warning: You won’t be able to change this setting back once it's set to be
"true." After this property is enabled, this selection can’t be reversed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Administration > Properties
2. For each property, enter the value that meets your need.
◦Each property entry describes the value to enter.
◦To view the name of a property, select the help icon .
Enable the TPRM Risk concentration map
After you install the Risk concentration map feature, you must install a Google license to enable
the feature.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Procedure
Follow the instructions in Set up Google Maps API .
For information on the Google Maps APIs in the Geo-map component, see the KB article:
KB1588661
Enable email with third-party contacts
Configure email communication with third-party contacts to enable email notification of
assessments and issues.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
Note: Third-party contacts see your organization's name in all references on the Third-
party portal. You specify the name in the sn_vdr_risk_asmt.company.name
property setting. See Configure TPRM properties.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3026
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.