# Integrating scores from risk intelligence providers

*Pages 128–139*

Risk form (continued)
Field Description
Note: Only active entities are shown.
Sync with entity owner Option to assign the entity owner as the owner
of this risk record. When selected, if the entity
owner changes, the risk owner is updated
automatically. This option is set to True by
default.
Owning group Owning group for the risk.
Risk relevance Explanation of how this risk applies to you.
Note: This field only appears when the
Inherit from risk statement option is
selected.
Owner Owner for the risk.
Note: The owner is always added as a
respondent.
Related topics
Integrating Third-party Risk Management with Risk Management
Create a risk statement
Define the risk appetite for a risk statement
Create a risk manually
Define the risk appetite for a risk
Integrating scores from risk intelligence providers
Risk intelligence providers generate risk scores for a variety of third-party risk domains. Your
organization can purchase services from providers that return data that is analogous to personal
credit scores. The scores provide insight on how trustworthy and safe a particular third party can
be.
Working with data from risk intelligence providers
Note: You can request risk data for third parties but not for engagements.
•After you register a risk intelligence provider, you specify which of the provider's scoring or
rating services you’ll use. You also specify how their scores or ratings map to your TPRM
ratings. For more information, see Register a risk intelligence provider, Set up a risk intelligence
provider service, and Set up a request type for a provider.
•You add a raw score from a provider to the provider service record for a third party. The system
uses the mapping that you specified to normalize the value to the appropriate TPRM rating. For
more information, see Add a risk intelligence score to risk data for a third party.
•A provider-based submission rule is a set of conditions and actions. In a rule, you can specify
that an update to a rating from a risk intelligence provider is the condition that triggers the
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3110
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: Only active entities are shown. |
| Sync with entity owner | Option to assign the entity owner as the owner of this risk record. When selected, if the entity owner changes, the risk owner is updated automatically. This option is set to True by default. |
| Owning group | Owning group for the risk. |
| Risk relevance | Explanation of how this risk applies to you. Note: This field only appears when the Inherit from risk statement option is selected. |
| Owner | Owner for the risk. Note: The owner is always added as a respondent. |


action that is specified in the rule. The action might be to create and send a third-party risk
assessment, issue, task, or email. For more information, see Automate actions upon risk
intelligence updates.
Integration types
Here are some examples of the types of integrations supported by ServiceNow and ServiceNow
partners:
•Independent software vendor (ISV) integration types involve integrating ISV services such as
EcoVadis or Black Kite.
•Content integration types involve integrating external content sources such as regulatory
databases or industry standards.
•Data integration types involve integrating external data sources to gather and analyze relevant
data such as data from financial systems, security tools, or vendor management systems.
•Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) integration types involve incorporating ESG
factors into the TPRM process.
Integrations supported by ServiceNow
Note: You can find the integration apps on the ServiceNow Store.
Integrations supported by ServiceNow
Provider Product name Content Service provided Type
Shared Standard Standard Industry standard Content
Assessments information- assessment questionnaire
gathering (SIG) for use in
questionnaire assessments.
EcoVadis EcoVadis Sustainability Sustainability ISV, data, ESG
ratings scores in support
of assessments
and continuous
monitoring.
Integrations supported by ServiceNow partners
Note: You can find the integration apps on the ServiceNow Store.
Integrations supported by partners
Provider Product name Content Use case Type
BitSight BitSight Cyber risk ratings Cyber risk scores ISV, data
in support of
assessments
and continuous
third-party risk
monitoring.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3111
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Provider | Product name | Content | Service provided | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Shared Assessments | Standard information- gathering (SIG) questionnaire | Standard assessment | Industry standard questionnaire for use in assessments. | Content |
| EcoVadis | EcoVadis | Sustainability ratings | Sustainability scores in support of assessments and continuous monitoring. | ISV, data, ESG |



| Provider | Product name | Content | Use case | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| BitSight | BitSight | Cyber risk ratings | Cyber risk scores in support of assessments and continuous third-party risk monitoring. | ISV, data |


Integrations supported by partners (continued)
Provider Product name Content Use case Type
Security Security Cyber risk ratings Cyber risk scores ISV, data
Scorecard Scorecard in support of
assessments
and continuous
third-party risk
monitoring.
RiskRecon Risk Recon Cyber risk ratings Cyber risk scores ISV, data
in support of
assessments
and continuous
third-party risk
monitoring.
Upguard Upguard Vendor Cyber risk Cyber risk scores ISV, data
Risk in support of
assessments
and continuous
third-party risk
monitoring.
Recorded Future Recorded Future Cyber risk ratings Cyber risk scores ISV, data
Intelligence in support of
assessments
and continuous
third-party risk
monitoring.
Black Kite Black Kite Third-party risk ISV
management Technical
security, financial
risk, ransomware
susceptibility
index, and
compliance
scores in
addition to
overall security
ratings.
Interos Interos Supply chain and ISV, content
multiple domain Cyber, financial,
ratings ESG, geopolitical,
operations,
and restrictions
ratings to support
risk assessments
and monitoring.
TruSight TruSight Third-party risk ISV
assessments Access to
TruSight-
validated
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3112
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Provider | Product name | Content | Use case | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Security Scorecard | Security Scorecard | Cyber risk ratings | Cyber risk scores in support of assessments and continuous third-party risk monitoring. | ISV, data |
| RiskRecon | Risk Recon | Cyber risk ratings | Cyber risk scores in support of assessments and continuous third-party risk monitoring. | ISV, data |
| Upguard | Upguard Vendor Risk | Cyber risk | Cyber risk scores in support of assessments and continuous third-party risk monitoring. | ISV, data |
| Recorded Future | Recorded Future Intelligence | Cyber risk ratings | Cyber risk scores in support of assessments and continuous third-party risk monitoring. | ISV, data |
| Black Kite | Black Kite | Third-party risk management | Technical security, financial risk, ransomware susceptibility index, and compliance scores in addition to overall security ratings. | ISV |
| Interos | Interos | Supply chain and multiple domain ratings | Cyber, financial, ESG, geopolitical, operations, and restrictions ratings to support risk assessments and monitoring. | ISV, content |


Integrations supported by partners (continued)
Provider Product name Content Use case Type
third-party risk
assessments.
ISS Corporate ISS ESG Cyber ESG ratings Access to a ISV
Solutions Risk Score for comprehensive
Vendor Risk view of ISS
Management Corporate
Solutions' cyber
risk management
program through
cyber risk and
supply chain.
Securitybricks CMMC - Template Access to an data, content
NIST-800-171 automated
- Vendor assessment
Compliance for Federal
Assessment organizations.
Templarshield HECVAT- Content Access to an ISV, content
Questionnaire for automated
Higher Education questionnaire for
Higher education
organizations.
Related topics
Viewing risk intelligence scores
Register a risk intelligence provider
Set up a risk intelligence provider service
Set up a request type for a provider
Register a risk intelligence provider
Create a record for each risk intelligence provider from which you’ll request reports. The risk
scores and ratings that risk intelligence providers generate are analogous to personal credit
scores. The scores provide insight on how trustworthy and safe a particular third party can be.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider Setup >
Providers.
2. Select New, fill in the form, and then select Submit.
Risk intelligence providers form
Field Description
Name Unique name of the risk intelligence provider.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3113
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Provider | Product name | Content | Use case | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  | third-party risk assessments. |  |
| ISS Corporate Solutions | ISS ESG Cyber Risk Score for Vendor Risk Management | ESG ratings | Access to a comprehensive view of ISS Corporate Solutions' cyber risk management program through cyber risk and supply chain. | ISV |
| Securitybricks | CMMC - NIST-800-171 - Vendor Compliance Assessment | Template | Access to an automated assessment for Federal organizations. | data, content |
| Templarshield | HECVAT- Questionnaire for Higher Education | Content | Access to an automated questionnaire for Higher education organizations. | ISV, content |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name of the risk intelligence provider. |


Field Description
Short Description of the provider and possibly of the services provided.
description
Is multi- Option to specify that the provider can return multiple different score types, for
factor example, Financial risk or Security risk.
Order Option to specify that the provider can be selected for risk intelligence report
reports requests.
URL Provider's website URL. This enables colleagues to visit and review the provider.
Note Text comments that provide additional information for your colleagues, for
example, descriptions of the available scoring services or why your organization
has decided to use the provider.
Provider Image of the provider's logo. This image appears on TPRM reports for the
logo provider.
Result
You can now specify the services and levels of service that you might later request from the
provider.
Services that you have associated with the provider appear in the Risk intelligence provider
services related list. To add a service, select New in the related list and then follow the
instructions in Set up a risk intelligence provider service.
Important: The Order reports option on the Risk intelligence provider form must be
selected for providers to be available for risk intelligence report requests.
Set up a risk intelligence provider service
After you register a risk intelligence provider, you specify which of the provider's scoring or rating
services you’ll use. You also specify how their scores or ratings map to your TPRM ratings.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider Setup > Provider
Services.
Current risk intelligence provider services appear in the Third-party Provider Services related
list.
Note: The list of provider services also appears as a related list while you’re registering
a provider. The system auto-generates a unique name for the service by concatenating
the Provider name and Score type.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3114
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Short description | Description of the provider and possibly of the services provided. |
| Is multi- factor | Option to specify that the provider can return multiple different score types, for example, Financial risk or Security risk. |
| Order reports | Option to specify that the provider can be selected for risk intelligence report requests. |
| URL | Provider's website URL. This enables colleagues to visit and review the provider. |
| Note | Text comments that provide additional information for your colleagues, for example, descriptions of the available scoring services or why your organization has decided to use the provider. |
| Provider logo | Image of the provider's logo. This image appears on TPRM reports for the provider. |


2. Select New and then fill in the fields on the form.
Risk Intelligence Provider Service form
Field Description
Provider
Name of the risk intelligence provider for this scoring service.
Score
type Each service offered by the provider returns a particular type of risk rating or score,
for example, Financial risk or Security risk.
For each provider, you define at least two services.
◦Define a service that returns the overall risk score for the third party.
◦Define a service for each additional type of score that the provider can return.
Important:
◦The Is multi-factor setting for a provider indicates that the provider can
return multiple different score types. For providers that you configure as
multi-factor, you must define a service with Score type = Overall Score
before you can create other services for the provider. When the provider
returns an overall score, you add the data. The normalized value appears
as the "Overall" value on the provider's card on the Risk intelligence
scores tab.
◦For providers that you configure as not multi-factor, you specify only one
score type. The score or rating returned by the provider is converted to
the normalized TPRM score. The normalized value is also displayed as the
"Overall" value on the provider's card on the Risk intelligence scores tab.
Name
Name of the provider service being set up.
The system auto-generates a unique name for the service by concatenating the
Provider name and Score type.
Risk
area Select the third-party risk domain associated with the score type.
For more information, see Define a third-party risk domain.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3115
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider | Name of the risk intelligence provider for this scoring service. |
| Score type | Each service offered by the provider returns a particular type of risk rating or score, for example, Financial risk or Security risk. For each provider, you define at least two services. ◦Define a service that returns the overall risk score for the third party. ◦Define a service for each additional type of score that the provider can return. Important: ◦The Is multi-factor setting for a provider indicates that the provider can return multiple different score types. For providers that you configure as multi-factor, you must define a service with Score type = Overall Score before you can create other services for the provider. When the provider returns an overall score, you add the data. The normalized value appears as the "Overall" value on the provider's card on the Risk intelligence scores tab. ◦For providers that you configure as not multi-factor, you specify only one score type. The score or rating returned by the provider is converted to the normalized TPRM score. The normalized value is also displayed as the "Overall" value on the provider's card on the Risk intelligence scores tab. |
| Name | Name of the provider service being set up. The system auto-generates a unique name for the service by concatenating the Provider name and Score type. |


Field Description
Note: Risk domains are called "risk areas" in some platform applications.
Copy If applicable, specify an existing service with this provider that uses identical
mapping mapping as the service that you’re configuring.
from
◦The mappings are copied to the current record.
◦The mappings become read-only.
3. Scroll to the Mapping area and perform one of the following actions.
◦To map the provider ratings to the ratings used by TPRM, select the Is rating check box and
then enter each provider rating next to its corresponding platform rating.
◦To associate a range of provider scores with each TPRM rating, don’t select Is rating. Each
row identifies the lowest and highest values in a rating. Enter the lowest value in the from
column and the highest value in the to column.
You must fill in at least three rows.
◦All rows must be either ratings or ranges. A mix of the two types isn’t allowed.
◦If there are more returned values than rows, group values in the appropriate row and
separate with commas.
4.Select Submit.
You can now specify the types of requests that you might later request from the provider.
A request type is the name of the report available for the provider. For more information, Set up
a request type for a provider.
Set up a request type for a provider
After you register a risk intelligence provider and service, you specify the available request types
that you and your organization will use.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3116
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Note: Risk domains are called "risk areas" in some platform applications. | Note: Risk domains are called "risk areas" in some platform applications. |
| Copy mapping from | If applicable, specify an existing service with this provider that uses identical mapping as the service that you’re configuring. ◦The mappings are copied to the current record. ◦The mappings become read-only. |  |


About this task
A request type is the name of the report available for the provider. Request types can be defined
as ranging from Level 1 (general risk intelligence) to Level 3 (granular risk investigation, such as
hiring a private investigator). There’s no limit to the level or description of the request as long as it
makes sense to both you and the risk intelligence provider. For example, a risk intelligence report
ordered from Black Kite that provides a high-level summary of cyber risk information could be
classified as a Level 1 - General Cyber Risk Report request type.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider Setup > Request
Types and then select New.
2. Select the provider, enter a request type, select Submit, and then repeat the process for each
request type.
3. Repeat the overall process to define a service for each additional type of score that the
provider can return.
Result
You can now request different types of risk scores from the risk intelligence provider.
Add a risk intelligence score to risk data for a third party
You add a raw score from a provider to the provider service record for a third party. The system
uses the mapping that you specified to normalize the value to the appropriate TPRM rating.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
About this task
You typically populate the risk intelligence scores table using an integration that you created
or installed from the ServiceNow Store. This procedure describes the process of updating risk
intelligence scores manually.
When you request a risk score for a third party, risk intelligence providers return the score at a
URL that they specify. Follow this procedure to manually add the score and URL to your risk data
for the third party.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider Setup > Scores.
The Risk intelligence scores related list displays the list of current provider services and
associated scores.
2. Select New, fill in the fields on the Risk intelligence score form, and then select Submit.
This step adds the score and the URL where the provider returned the score to the data for the
third party or engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3117
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

When you enter a rating from a risk intelligence provider, the system normalizes the value
to convert it to the appropriate TPRM rating. When you enter a score from a risk intelligence
provider, the TPRM generates both a normalized rating and a normalized numerical score.
Risk intelligence score form
Field Description
Provider Unique name of the risk intelligence provider. The choice list is populated with
the providers that you registered.
Provider A name that is the concatenation of the risk intelligence provider name and the
service particular service that returned the risk data. You configured the service using
the process specified in Set up a risk intelligence provider service.
Third party Third party that was scored by the provider.
Request
type Level of analysis for the Score type that you defined for the service.
For example, a provider might offer three request types for the Financial
Risk score type: Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. A "Level 3" report might return
significantly more detailed information and might cost significantly more than a
"Level 1" report.
URL
URL of the site that the provider returned for the request.
The site provides the rating or score and additional information from the
provider.
Raw Raw value returned by the provider in the specified URL.
rating /
Raw score
Normalized If you entered a numerical raw score from the provider, then this is the
score computed normalized TPRM score.
Normalized If you entered a numerical raw score or raw rating from the provider, then this is
rating the computed normalized TPRM rating.
Score
generated Date and time that the score was added to this record.
on
Note: This is not the date/time when the data was generated by the
provider.
3. Optional: Add subfactor data to the risk data for the third party.
Subfactor data is not validated or mapped to TPRM score/rating data, but is stored directly as
you enter it.
a.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider Setup >
Subfactors and then select New.
b.Fill in the form in the same way as you filled in the data for a score/rating.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3118
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider | Unique name of the risk intelligence provider. The choice list is populated with the providers that you registered. |
| Provider service | A name that is the concatenation of the risk intelligence provider name and the particular service that returned the risk data. You configured the service using the process specified in Set up a risk intelligence provider service. |
| Third party | Third party that was scored by the provider. |
| Request type | Level of analysis for the Score type that you defined for the service. For example, a provider might offer three request types for the Financial Risk score type: Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. A "Level 3" report might return significantly more detailed information and might cost significantly more than a "Level 1" report. |
| URL | URL of the site that the provider returned for the request. The site provides the rating or score and additional information from the provider. |
| Raw rating / Raw score | Raw value returned by the provider in the specified URL. |
| Normalized score | If you entered a numerical raw score from the provider, then this is the computed normalized TPRM score. |
| Normalized rating | If you entered a numerical raw score or raw rating from the provider, then this is the computed normalized TPRM rating. |
| Score generated on | Date and time that the score was added to this record. Note: This is not the date/time when the data was generated by the provider. |


Risk intelligence subfactors form
Field Description
Provider Unique name of the risk intelligence provider. The choice list is populated with
the providers that you registered.
Provider A name that is the concatenation of the risk intelligence provider name and the
service particular service that returned the risk data. You configured the service using
the process specified in Set up a risk intelligence provider service.
Name Name of the subfactor.
Third Third party that was scored by the provider.
party
Score
Raw value returned by the provider.
Note: You can enter numerical or alphabetic text in this field. The value is
not validated.
Created
(Optional) Date and time that the score was added to this record.
Note: This is not the date and time when the data was generated by the
provider.
Result
The data that you have associated with the third party now appears in reports. See Viewing risk
intelligence scores for details. The data appears in the following locations:
•Risk intelligence scores related list as described in this procedure.
•Risk overview tab in the workspace.
•Risk intelligence scores tab in the workspace.
Automate actions upon risk intelligence updates
A provider-based submission rule is a set of conditions and actions. In a rule, you can specify
that an update to a rating from a risk intelligence provider is the condition that triggers the action
that is specified in the rule. The action might be to create and send a third-party risk assessment,
issue, task, or email.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
About this task
When you enter a rating from a risk intelligence provider, the system normalizes the value
to convert it to the appropriate TPRM rating. When you enter a score from a risk intelligence
provider, the TPRM generates both a normalized rating and a normalized numerical score.
Follow this procedure to define a rule to perform an action when a provider sends an updated
rating or score.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3119
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider | Unique name of the risk intelligence provider. The choice list is populated with the providers that you registered. |
| Provider service | A name that is the concatenation of the risk intelligence provider name and the particular service that returned the risk data. You configured the service using the process specified in Set up a risk intelligence provider service. |
| Name | Name of the subfactor. |
| Third party | Third party that was scored by the provider. |
| Score | Raw value returned by the provider. Note: You can enter numerical or alphabetic text in this field. The value is not validated. |
| Created | (Optional) Date and time that the score was added to this record. Note: This is not the date and time when the data was generated by the provider. |


Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Assessment Submission Rules > Provider-
based Submission.
2. Select New and then fill in the form.
Provider-based submission rule form
Field Description
Provider service Select the scoring service from the risk intelligence provider that
is associated with the rule.
Order Enter the execution order for the rule. If multiple rules are
defined for the same risk intelligence provider, only the rule with
the lowest Order value is executed.
Name Auto-generated name of the rule.
◦Change type
Select the basis for the external score change that should trigger
◦Extent of change the rule and the extent of change, as follows:
◦Normalized percentage/ ◦If Change type = Normalized percentage, select Increased
Normalized score/ risk by or Decreased risk by, and the percentage in the
Normalized risk rating Normalized percentage field.
◦If Change type = Normalized score, select Increased risk
by, Decreased risk by, or Threshold, and a score in the
Normalized score field.
◦If Change type = Normalized rating, enter a risk rating
threshold that will trigger the rule in the Normalized risk rating
field.
3. Select the Apply to third parties tab.
a.Use the condition builder to define conditions for identifying the third parties to be affected
by the rule.
b.Select Submit.
4.Select the Rule Actions tab, fill in the fields, and then select Submit.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3120
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Provider service | Select the scoring service from the risk intelligence provider that is associated with the rule. |
| Order | Enter the execution order for the rule. If multiple rules are defined for the same risk intelligence provider, only the rule with the lowest Order value is executed. |
| Name | Auto-generated name of the rule. |
| ◦Change type ◦Extent of change ◦Normalized percentage/ Normalized score/ Normalized risk rating | Select the basis for the external score change that should trigger the rule and the extent of change, as follows: ◦If Change type = Normalized percentage, select Increased risk by or Decreased risk by, and the percentage in the Normalized percentage field. ◦If Change type = Normalized score, select Increased risk by, Decreased risk by, or Threshold, and a score in the Normalized score field. ◦If Change type = Normalized rating, enter a risk rating threshold that will trigger the rule in the Normalized risk rating field. |


Provider-based submission rule form — Rule Actions tab
Field Description
Create Select this check box to create an assessment for the third parties identified on
assessment the Apply to third parties tab. If you also select the Auto submit to third party
check box, the assessment is automatically sent to the third parties when the
rule is triggered.
Create Select this check box to create an issue for the third parties identified on the
issue Apply to third parties tab. If you also select the Auto submit to third party
check box, and you have selected a template from the Issue template field, the
issues are auto-generated for the third parties when the rule is triggered.
Note: To enable to auto-generation, you must verify that the following
three fields are completed when the issue is created:
◦Vendor
◦Recommendation (on the Recommendations tab)
◦Explanation (on the Recommendations tab)
Create task
Select this check box to create a task for the third parties identified on the
Apply to third parties tab.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3121
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Create assessment | Select this check box to create an assessment for the third parties identified on the Apply to third parties tab. If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, the assessment is automatically sent to the third parties when the rule is triggered. |
| Create issue | Select this check box to create an issue for the third parties identified on the Apply to third parties tab. If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, and you have selected a template from the Issue template field, the issues are auto-generated for the third parties when the rule is triggered. Note: To enable to auto-generation, you must verify that the following three fields are completed when the issue is created: ◦Vendor ◦Recommendation (on the Recommendations tab) ◦Explanation (on the Recommendations tab) |
