# Integrating EcoVadis with Third-party Risk Management

*Pages 140–143*

Field Description
If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, and you have
selected a template from the Task template field, the tasks are automatically
created for the third parties when the rule is triggered.
Assessment If you selected the Create assessment check box, select the assessment
template template to be used to create the assessments.
Issue
template If you selected the Create issue check box, you can optionally select an issue
template to be used to create an issue for the third parties identified on the
Apply to Vendors tab.
If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, you must select
an issue template in order to automatically create an issue when the rule is
triggered.
Task
template If you selected the Create task check box, you can optionally select a task
template to be used to create a task for the third parties identified on the Apply
to Vendors tab.
If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, you must select a
task template in order to automatically create a task when the rule is triggered.
Auto submit Automatically submit assessments, issues, and/or tasks to the third parties
to third identified on the Apply to third parties tab as described in the preceding field
party descriptions.
Send email/ When the rule is triggered, users with the TPR manager role receive an email
Recipients notification. Select Send email and specify Recipients to send the email
notification to other individuals.
Integrating EcoVadis with Third-party Risk Management
Integrating EcoVadis into your third-party risk management program can enhance your ability to
assess and mitigate risks associated with sustainability and corporate social responsibility (CSR).
By leveraging EcoVadis' comprehensive sustainability ratings, you can gain detailed insights into
the environmental, ethical, and social practices of your third parties.
Configuring the Vendor Risk Management integration with the EcoVadis
application
The following pre-requisite configurations are required to use the Vendor Risk Management
integration with the EcoVadis application.
•Activate the Vendor Risk Management integration with EcoVadis application
[com.sn_app_grc_ecovadis]. To see the instructions for downloading a GRC application from
®
the ServiceNow Store, see Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the
first time.
•Create a connection and authenticate your credentials with EcoVadis for more information, see
Create an EcoVadis connection and configuration.
•Request EcoVadis ratings using the EcoVadis website. After the request is accepted, scores
will become available in TPRM. For more information on the EcoVadis website, see https://
support.ecovadis.com/hc/en-us .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3122
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, and you have selected a template from the Task template field, the tasks are automatically created for the third parties when the rule is triggered. |
| Assessment template | If you selected the Create assessment check box, select the assessment template to be used to create the assessments. |
| Issue template | If you selected the Create issue check box, you can optionally select an issue template to be used to create an issue for the third parties identified on the Apply to Vendors tab. If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, you must select an issue template in order to automatically create an issue when the rule is triggered. |
| Task template | If you selected the Create task check box, you can optionally select a task template to be used to create a task for the third parties identified on the Apply to Vendors tab. If you also select the Auto submit to third party check box, you must select a task template in order to automatically create a task when the rule is triggered. |
| Auto submit to third party | Automatically submit assessments, issues, and/or tasks to the third parties identified on the Apply to third parties tab as described in the preceding field descriptions. |
| Send email/ Recipients | When the rule is triggered, users with the TPR manager role receive an email notification. Select Send email and specify Recipients to send the email notification to other individuals. |


Note: You can customize the system properties for EcoVadis. For more information, see
Customize system properties for EcoVadis integration.
EcoVadis integration actions
As part of the EcoVadis integration with TPRM, you can Fetch and view risk intelligence scores
including theme scores and scorecards from EcoVadis.
For more information, see Fetch and view EcoVadis scores.
The following example shows the theme scores and scorecard link that you can view after
fetching scores.
Example of EcoVadis Risk intelligence score record
The following example shows a company's sustainability performance across four key areas:
environment, labor practices, ethics, and sustainable procurement. It provides a detailed
breakdown of the company's strengths and areas for improvement, along with a final overall
score out of 100.
Example of EcoVadis scorecard
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3123
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: Confirm that all third parties that you want to assess using EcoVadis has a website
listed as part of their third-party record. EcoVadis confirms that a third party is registered by
referencing the website URL.
Create an EcoVadis connection and configuration
Create a connection to fetch and update scores from EcoVadis to help ensure that your risk and
theme scores remain current when using Third-party Risk Management.
Before you begin
Activate the Vendor Risk Management integration with EcoVadis application
[com.sn_app_grc_ecovadis]. To see the instructions for downloading a GRC application from
®
the ServiceNow Store, see Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first
time.
Role required: admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > EcoVadis for third-party Risk Management > Connections & Credential
Aliases and select EcoVadis Connection Alias.
2. Select the Create new connection & credential related link.
3. Fill out the form.
Create Connection and Credential form
Field Description
Connection Name Name of the connection.
Connection URL EcoVadis API base address.
Credential Name Name of the EcoVadis credential.
User Name Username of the user in EcoVadis.
Password Password of the user in EcoVadis.
4.Select Create.
5. After creating a connection, set up a configuration by navigating to All > EcoVadis for third-
party Risk Management > Configuration.
6.Select New.
7.Enter a name and select the EcoVadis Config connection that you created.
Note: You can only create one configuration.
Customize system properties for EcoVadis integration
You can optionally customize the default values of the sn_ecovadis.token_uri and
sn_ecovadis.score_uri system properties. These properties manage tokens and access risk
scores from EcoVadis when using Third-party Risk Management.
Before you begin
Create an EcoVadis connection and configuration. For more information, see Create an EcoVadis
connection and configuration.
Role required: admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3124
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Connection Name | Name of the connection. |
| Connection URL | EcoVadis API base address. |
| Credential Name | Name of the EcoVadis credential. |
| User Name | Username of the user in EcoVadis. |
| Password | Password of the user in EcoVadis. |


Procedure
1.Select All and in the navigation filter enter sys_properties.list.
2. Navigate to the sn_ecovadis.token_uri or sn_ecovadis.score_uri properties.
3. Select the property that you want and update the Value.
Additional properties that can be customized include:
◦sn_ecovadis.app_scope_sys_id: The sys id of EcoVadis for Third-party Risk Management
Application.
◦sn_ecovadis.connection_credential_alias_sys_id: The sys id of connection and credentials
alias configured in EcoVadis.
◦sn_ecovadis.ecovadis_provider_service: The sys id of the EcoVadis provider service.
4.Select Update.
The Vendor Risk Management integration with EcoVadis application
[com.sn_app_grc_ecovadis] is updated and ready for use.
Fetch and view EcoVadis scores
Retrieve current scores and scorecards from EcoVadis on demand or at a set frequency of
time using Third-party Risk Management. Customizing settings for the EcoVadis Fetch Score
Scheduler can help you get the latest scores when you need them.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
EcoVadis ratings can help you can gain detailed insights into the environmental, ethical, and
social practices of your third parties. Fetching these scores regularly helps you stay updated on
their compliance and performance.
Note: Confirm that all third parties that you would like to assess are using EcoVadis has
a website listed as part of their third-party record. EcoVadis confirms that a third party is
registered by referencing the website URL.
Procedure
1.All > Ecovadis for third-party Risk Management > Scheduled Job
2. Select EcoVadis fetch Score Scheduler.
3. Fetch a score on demand or at a scheduled time.
◦Select Execute Now to get the latest scores.
◦Select the Active option, set the following fields, and select Update to fetch scores at a
specific frequency.
Field Description
Run The frequency or set dates EcoVadis scores
are fetched.
▪Daily
▪Weekly
▪Monthly
▪Periodically
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3125
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
