# Risk intelligence provider integrations

*Pages 144–147*

Field Description
▪Once
▪On Demand
▪Business Calendar: Entry Start/Finish
Time zone Time zone that applies to the time selected
to fetch the scores.
Time Time the scores are fetched.
Note: A scheduled job will run once per day.
4.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Third Parties > All Third Parties and select
the third party you want.
5. Select the Risk intelligence scores related list.
6.View a score by selecting the date and time from the Score generated on column.
Note: You can view all scores including EcoVadis theme scores and scorecards when
your score record is in the EcoVadis view.
Result
You can view EcoVadis third-party theme scores in the EcoVadis Theme Scores related list and
access the EcoVadis scorecard by selecting the URL in the Scorecard field.
Scores are mapped to the Risk Intelligence Provider and Provider Service for EcoVadis.
Note: You can verify that scores are being fetched by navigating to All > EcoVadis for
third-party Risk Management > Application Logs.
Risk intelligence provider integrations
The Third-party Risk Management application includes support for risk intelligence provider
integrations. These guidelines can help your organization to develop a risk intelligence provider
integration for Risk intelligence report (RIR) requests for third parties and due diligence requests.
Integration requirements
The TPRM application enables your organization to integrate with external
risk intelligence content providers. If you have the Third-party risk (TPR)
assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor] or TPR manager
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] role, you can request the scores or reports for third
parties by using the risk intelligence request form. After the reports are generated by the
provider, the links to the reports are uploaded to the Third-party Risk Management application
and associated with the relevant third party.
Note: Before requesting reports and scores, a team member with the TPR assessment
reviewer [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer] role must register the providers
and set up both the providers and request types in the Third-party Risk Management
application. For more information, see Register a risk intelligence provider, Set up a risk
intelligence provider service, and Set up a request type for a provider.
The following diagram shows the RIR request flow states and their relationship with the
integration requirements for risk intelligence providers.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3126
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ▪Once ▪On Demand ▪Business Calendar: Entry Start/Finish |
| Time zone | Time zone that applies to the time selected to fetch the scores. |
| Time | Time the scores are fetched. |


RIR requests integration
Integration process:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3127
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

1.All RIR requests in the Order pending state are ready to be sent to the risk intelligence
provider.
2. A nightly job is set up by the integration API to check for the report request records that are in
the Order pending state.
3. The integration API updates the RIR request record state to Order in progress,
4.The integration API sends a packet to the provider that includes the names of the records and
their corresponding source tables:
◦rir_sysid [sn_tprm_dd_risk_intel_request]
◦provider_sysid [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_tpss_provider_basic]
◦third_party_sysid [core_company]
◦third_party_name [core_company]
◦request_type_sysid [sn_tprm_dd_risk_intel_request_type]
◦request_type_name [sn_tprm_dd_risk_intel_request_type]
◦provider_service_sysid [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_tpss_provider]
5. If the packet isn’t sent successfully, the integration API updates the RIR request state to
Closed incomplete.
6.After receiving the RIR request, the risk intelligence provider processes it and gathers
information including the URL, score, and content.
7.The risk intelligence provider returns a packet for upload to the Third-party Risk Management
application.
The packet contains the following names of the records, their corresponding source tables,
and content:
◦rir_sysid [sn_tprm_dd_risk_intel_request]
◦provider_sysid [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_tpss_provider_basic]
◦third_party_sysid [core_company]
◦request_type_sysid [sn_tprm_dd_risk_intel_request_type]
◦provider_service_sysid [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_tpss_provider]
◦URL
◦score
◦rating
◦content
Note: The score or rating should be the provider's score or rating. The provider should
have set up a mapping to convert the provider's score to a ServiceNow score through a
Provider Service record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3128
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

8.Using the packet information, the integration API creates a risk intelligence score record
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt_security_score] and populates the URL field. This URL is used to download
and attach the reports to the associated RIR request record [sn_tprm_dd_risk_intel_request].
9.The integration API updates the state of the RIR request from Order in progress to Closed
complete or Closed incomplete, depending on whether the risk intelligence provider
completes the report or fails to send it and decides to close the order.
Limitations
The integration API doesn’t update the score record in the Score table. If the API fails to populate
a field when it creates a score record, a new score record is created instead of updating the
existing record. For example, if the API didn't associate a score with an RIR request, it has to call
the API again to create a new score and associate it with the RIR request.
Risk intelligence report request states
The risk intelligence report requests have the following potential states:
Open
An RIR request enters this state after the record has been created and saved
by the Third-party Risk (TPR) manager, TPR assessor, or contract negotiator that
is assigned to the due diligence request. For each risk intelligence request, the
system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text RIR.
Order pending
An RIR request enters this state after the record has been submitted by the Third-
party Risk (TPR) manager, TPR assessor, or contract negotiator that is assigned to
the due diligence request.
The following changes take place:
•The order has been submitted to the provider.
•The Request date field has been populated with the date that this record was
submitted on.
•All fields in the Risk intelligence report request section are read-only.
Order in progress
An RIR request enters this state after the order has been received by the provider.
The following changes take place:
•The score records are generated with the report request.
•The Score generated on field is updated.
Closed incomplete
An RIR request enters this state after the order was received by the provider but
couldn’t be processed due to an error so the order was closed.
Closed complete
An RIR request enters this state after the order was received and processed by the
provider.
Canceled
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3129
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.