# Requesting third-party risk due diligence

*Pages 148–152*

An RIR request enters this state after a TPR manager, TPR assessor, or contract
negotiator cancels the report request. If a TPR manager, TPR assessor, or contract
negotiator must cancel a request, it can be done while the request is in the Open or
Order pending state. After an RIR request is canceled, that record can't be edited.
You must create a record.
Requesting third-party risk due diligence
Request third-party risk due diligence to determine the level of risk for interactions with a third
party, engagement, or fourth party by using Third-party Risk Management. You conduct due
diligence to become aware of the associated risks so that you can make informed decisions,
establish appropriate controls, and mitigate the potential negative impact when working with
external parties.
Any employee at your organization can request due diligence, which is an investigation or
examination of business relationship risk, for an engagement.
•An engagement is the informal or contracted relationship that you intend to form with a third
party that could potentially expose your organization to risk. The engagement outlines the
services or products to be provided by the third party and other details of the relationship.
•A third party is any organization or individual that you have interacted or entered into a
business relationship with. Third parties can have subsidiaries and can contract with fourth
parties. For example, departments are subsidiaries.
•A fourth party can contract with further parties. All downstream parties, such as the fourth
through the nth parties, carry risk in the same ways as third parties.
For more information about the terms that are used in these sections or why you might conduct
due diligence, see Terminology and Why you conduct due diligence.
The following infographic shows the due diligence request process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3130
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

The following are the steps of the due diligence request process.
1.An employee at your organization requests due diligence for a third-party engagement.
2. The system sends an email notification to the employee who made the request.
3. The system sends an email notification to the Due diligence request assignment group.
4.A member of the group can assign a Third-party risk (TPR) manager
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] or TPR assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor]
to act as the owner of the request.
5. The system sends an email notification to the assigned owner of the due diligence request.
6.The TPR manager reviews the request for due diligence for the engagement and approves it. If
the information provided by the requester was insufficient or the engagement is not possible
for your organization, the TPR manager rejects it.
7.The IRQ process starts after the TPR manager approves the request for due diligence.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3131
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: Depending on how due diligence is configured in your organization, additional
assessments or information requests may be included as part of the due diligence process.
For example, organizations that manage software supply chain risk might request a
Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) from third parties as part of due diligence. For more
information, see Exploring software bill of materials collection and Collecting software bill of
materials.
When creating a due diligence request, the following options are available:
•Onboard a new engagement Start the onboarding process for a new engagement with
an existing third party. For more information about this type of onboarding, see Example:
Onboarding a third party.
•Reassess an existing engagement Reassess an existing engagement when the conditions
change. For example, let's say that you hear adverse news or have changes in your third-
party's supply lines. You might want to reassess the risk by conducting additional due
diligence.
•Reassess an existing engagement for contract renewal Reassess the risk before your
organization renews the contract with a current third party or engagement by conducting due
diligence.
•Offboard an engagement with due diligence Determine if offboarding (terminating the
relationship) with an engagement is the optimal course of action by conducting due diligence.
For example, it might be too risky to switch third parties or engagements even if their current
performance doesn’t meet expectations.
Extenuating circumstances can contribute to the decision. For example, if the third party is
sourcing materials that are difficult to obtain, switching providers might be costly and introduce
additional risks. In such cases, continuing with the existing third party, with whom a long-term
relationship exists, might be preferable to mitigate potential disruptions and higher risks.
•Offboard an engagement with no due diligence Request that an engagement be permanently
terminated when an engagement ends or you want to switch to a different third party for other
reasons. In this case, you typically don't need to conduct additional due diligence. The process
does, however, include the normal Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ) process to confirm that
the services provided by the engagement will no longer continue. For more information about
this type of offboarding, see Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence.
To learn more about creating or monitoring a due diligence request, see Request due diligence
for a third-party engagement and Monitoring the due diligence request process.
For each due diligence request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with
the text DDR. Use the ID to track your request. You can post a message to reviewers and add
attachments from the page.
The following example shows how a new due diligence request appears.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3132
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Due diligence request tracking example
For more information on the different processes that make up the overall due diligence workflow,
see Due diligence workflow and Assessing your third-party risk.
Request due diligence for a third-party engagement
Request due diligence to assess the risk that is associated with doing business with
an engagement. By conducting due diligence, you gain access to the most up-to-date,
comprehensive, and accurate information before making a decision on entering into a business
relationship.
Before you begin
Role required: snc_internal
About this task
Because your organization assesses the risk that is associated with doing business with third
parties, it performs due diligence for any engagement with a third party. When you request due
diligence, you specify the third party's name and the reason for your request. For example, start
a new engagement with a third party that you have already engaged or perform due diligence in
preparation to renew a contract. You then specify the details that help the Third-party Risk (TPR)
managers and TPR assessors at your organization proceed with the due diligence processes.
If a request is accepted, it initially goes through the IRQ process. After the IRQ process, as part
of the Due diligence process, two third-party risk assessments begin. One assessment is for
the third party and another assessment is for the engagement. For more information, see Due
diligence workflow.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3133
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: This feature is available only if the Third-party Risk Management application has
been activated. After you install the Risk concentration map feature, you must install a
Google license to enable the feature. To enable the risk concentration map feature, see
Enable the TPRM Risk concentration map.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center to open your Employee Center and then
select Risk & Compliance.
2. Select the Request due diligence for third-party risk card.
3. On the request form, specify the purpose of your request.
◦Onboard a new engagement
◦Reassess an existing engagement
◦Reassess an existing engagement for contract renewal
◦Offboard an engagement with due diligence
◦Offboard an engagement with no due diligence
For more information, see Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence.
For descriptions of each type of due diligence request, see Requesting third-party risk due
diligence.
Note: If your organization requires a software bill of materials (SBOM) from the third
party as part of due diligence, select SBOM required on the request form. When selected
and the engagement uses the Smart Assessment Engine, the system automatically
associates an SBOM questionnaire with the engagement's external assessment. For
more information, see Request a software bill of materials from an engagement.
4.Optional: Select Add attachments to include a document with the request.
5. Specify the third party for the engagement.
You can request due diligence either for an engagement with a third party that you’re already
engaged with or for an engagement with a new third party.
Note: You can reactivate a third party that is in the Terminated status. Terminated third
parties appear in the list for requests of the Onboard a new engagement type. If such a
request is accepted and closed, the third party's status is changed to Active.
◦For an engagement with an existing third party or with a department, partner, subsidiary, or
fourth party of the third party:
a.Select the third party from the list.
b.The form expands and the system auto-populates the key information for the third party
including the address and contact details.
c.In the next step, enter the key information like the address and contact details for the
engagement.
◦For a new third party:
a.Select the Third party is not listed check box.
b.Enter the name of the new third party.
c.The form expands. In the next step, you enter the key information like the address and
contact details for the third party and for the engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3134
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.