# Request due diligence for a third-party engagement

*Pages 151–152*

Due diligence request tracking example
For more information on the different processes that make up the overall due diligence workflow,
see Due diligence workflow and Assessing your third-party risk.
Request due diligence for a third-party engagement
Request due diligence to assess the risk that is associated with doing business with
an engagement. By conducting due diligence, you gain access to the most up-to-date,
comprehensive, and accurate information before making a decision on entering into a business
relationship.
Before you begin
Role required: snc_internal
About this task
Because your organization assesses the risk that is associated with doing business with third
parties, it performs due diligence for any engagement with a third party. When you request due
diligence, you specify the third party's name and the reason for your request. For example, start
a new engagement with a third party that you have already engaged or perform due diligence in
preparation to renew a contract. You then specify the details that help the Third-party Risk (TPR)
managers and TPR assessors at your organization proceed with the due diligence processes.
If a request is accepted, it initially goes through the IRQ process. After the IRQ process, as part
of the Due diligence process, two third-party risk assessments begin. One assessment is for
the third party and another assessment is for the engagement. For more information, see Due
diligence workflow.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3133
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: This feature is available only if the Third-party Risk Management application has
been activated. After you install the Risk concentration map feature, you must install a
Google license to enable the feature. To enable the risk concentration map feature, see
Enable the TPRM Risk concentration map.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center to open your Employee Center and then
select Risk & Compliance.
2. Select the Request due diligence for third-party risk card.
3. On the request form, specify the purpose of your request.
◦Onboard a new engagement
◦Reassess an existing engagement
◦Reassess an existing engagement for contract renewal
◦Offboard an engagement with due diligence
◦Offboard an engagement with no due diligence
For more information, see Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence.
For descriptions of each type of due diligence request, see Requesting third-party risk due
diligence.
Note: If your organization requires a software bill of materials (SBOM) from the third
party as part of due diligence, select SBOM required on the request form. When selected
and the engagement uses the Smart Assessment Engine, the system automatically
associates an SBOM questionnaire with the engagement's external assessment. For
more information, see Request a software bill of materials from an engagement.
4.Optional: Select Add attachments to include a document with the request.
5. Specify the third party for the engagement.
You can request due diligence either for an engagement with a third party that you’re already
engaged with or for an engagement with a new third party.
Note: You can reactivate a third party that is in the Terminated status. Terminated third
parties appear in the list for requests of the Onboard a new engagement type. If such a
request is accepted and closed, the third party's status is changed to Active.
◦For an engagement with an existing third party or with a department, partner, subsidiary, or
fourth party of the third party:
a.Select the third party from the list.
b.The form expands and the system auto-populates the key information for the third party
including the address and contact details.
c.In the next step, enter the key information like the address and contact details for the
engagement.
◦For a new third party:
a.Select the Third party is not listed check box.
b.Enter the name of the new third party.
c.The form expands. In the next step, you enter the key information like the address and
contact details for the third party and for the engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3134
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.