# Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence

*Pages 153–153*

If you selected an existing third party, identifying information such as address and contact
details is automatically filled in. For descriptions of these fields, see Request third-party risk
due diligence request form.
6.Select Submit.
◦The system opens to the Activity tab on the My request page. For each due diligence
request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text DDR. Use the
ID to track your request. You can post a message to reviewers and add attachments from the
page.
◦The system sends you an email confirmation that your request was submitted. The message
includes a link to the request details on the Third-party Risk Management application.
◦The system sends an email notification to all users in the group that is specified in the
Assignment group. The message states that the request was received and is in the New
state. The message also includes a link to the details page for the request.
Note: For new due diligence requests, the Assignment group is set to Due diligence
request assigners. The TPR manager or owner can specify which group is the
Assignment group on the Details tab for a due diligence request. For more information,
see Due diligence request process management and Add users to groups based on
responsibilities.
Related topics
Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence
Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence
Request that an engagement be permanently terminated when an engagement ends or you
want to switch to a different third party for other reasons. In this case, you typically don't need to
conduct additional due diligence. The process does, however, include the normal Inherent Risk
Questionnaire (IRQ) process to confirm that the services provided by the engagement will no
longer continue.
The user who is assigned as IRQ assessor is responsible for completing the questionnaire
specifying why the engagement is no longer required. After the IRQ is completed, the approval
process formally offboards the engagement and sets it to the inactive state.
When the engagement is set as inactive, future auto-scheduled due diligence or information
requests aren’t sent to the engagement contacts.
Assessing your third-party risk
Use Third-party Risk Management to identify and assess potential risks that are associated with
your third-party relationships. The information gathered from internal questionnaires, external
questionnaires, and documentation requests helps you to understand the third party's risk
profile, determine the appropriate risk mitigation strategies, and determine whether the third
party or engagement meets all necessary compliance requirements.
Responding to questionnaires
The following processes outline the timing and methods for responding to internal and external
questionnaires:
Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ) process
The following infographic shows the IRQ process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3135
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.