# Create an internal assessment

*Pages 161–161*

Related topics
Collecting software bill of materials
Request a software bill of materials from an engagement
AI-assisted questionnaire pre-fill using the Document Management System
Create an internal assessment
Create an internal assessment as part of a due diligence request or ongoing risk monitoring
using Third-party Risk Management. An internal assessment can affect which questionnaires are
later sent to the third party or engagement.
Before you begin
The third-party risk (TPR) assessors must contact a team member with the TPR manager role to
complete step 5.
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
When creating an on-demand internal assessment, TPR managers or TPR assessors can create
the assessment and add the questionnaires. TPR managers can submit the assessment and the
assigned respondents complete the assessment. You can select multiple respondents at a time
and automatically trigger assessments.
Important: Smart assessments must be viewed in the Vendor Management Workspace.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Third-party Risk Management > Internal Risk Assessments > All Assessments.
◦Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate
to Internal Risk Assessments > All Assessments.
2. Create an internal assessment by selecting New and fill in the form.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Create new internal assessment form.
3. Select Submit.
4.Associate existing questionnaires with the assessment by performing one of the following.
Option Description
a.Navigate to the Questionnaire templates re­
lated list.
Add a template in the Classic UI
b.Select Edit, select the questionnaires you
want to use, and then select Save.
a.Navigate to the Questionnaire Templates
tab.
Add a template in the Vendor Management
b.Select Add, select the questionnaires you
Workspace
want to use, and then select Add.
c.Select Save.
TPR administrators can create questionnaires and associate them with the assessment. For
more information, see Create a questionnaire or document request template and Create a
TPRM SAE questionnaire or document request template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3143
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
