# Respond to an internal assessment

*Pages 162–162*

5. Select Submit.
This step can be completed by TPR managers.
◦The state of the assessment changes to Awaiting response.
◦The Respondents receive an email notification that includes a link to the assessment.
What to do next
The owner assigned to the internal assessment works with the respondents to close the
assessment. For information on how to respond to Internal assessments, see Respond to an
internal assessment.
Related topics
Assessing your third-party risk
Respond to an internal assessment
IRQ process management
Respond to an internal assessment
Respond to an Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ) or internal assessment that has been assigned
to your queue. Your responses to the questionnaire help determine if the process moves forward
and can affect which questionnaires are sent to the third party or engagement.
Before you begin
Role required: snc_internal
About this task
When someone in your organization creates a due diligence request, the owner of the overall
due diligence process specifies who should respond to that initial IRQ. Internal assessments
can also be created on demand and the owner assigns questionnaires to IRQ assessors
or respondents. As an IRQ assessor or respondent, you receive an email that contains the
links to the assigned questionnaires, the name of the related assessment, and the deadline.
This information is also provided as part of the questionnaire in Employee Center. For more
information, see Assessing your third-party risk, Create an internal assessment, Requesting
third-party risk due diligence, and Due diligence workflow.
Note: When a request is created, the system alerts the initial due diligence requester and
all users in the Due diligence request assignment group. A member of the group can assign
a Third-party risk (TPR) manager or TPR assessor to act as the owner of the request.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Employee Center to open your Employee Center.
2. Respond to an internal assessment by performing one of the following.
Option Description
In the My active items pane, select Surveys
Respond to an IRQ or Internal questionnaire and In the My Assessments and Surveys sec­
using the Classic engine tion, select the assessment you want to re­
spond to.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3144
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
