# Create an external assessment

*Pages 163–164*

Option Description
a.In the My active items pane, select GRC
tasks and In the My to-dos section, select
any number to open the list of assessments
with that state.
b.Select the TPRM assessment that you want
to respond to.
Note: You can reassign a question­
naire to another team member by select­
Respond to an IRQ or internal questionnaire
using the Smart Assessment Engine ing the more actions menu icon and
selecting Reassign. After reassigning
the questionnaire, you lose access to
the questionnaire.
Internal assessments can be reas­
signed to any system user except ven­
dor contacts. Vendor contacts are ex­
cluded from the reassignment user pick­
er for internal assessments.
3. Answer all relevant questions in the questionnaire and then select Submit.
Related topics
Assessing your third-party risk
Create an internal assessment
Why you conduct due diligence
Create an external assessment
Create an assessment and initiate the third-party risk assessment life cycle using Third-
party Risk Management. An external assessment specifies the details for the third party or
engagement and defines the plan for completing the assessment.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
Assessments can be created on-demand or can recur on a specified schedule. When creating
an on-demand external assessment, Third-party risk (TPR) managers or TPR assessors select
the questionnaire template or document request template and the third party. You can select
multiple third parties at a time and automatically trigger assessments.
Procedure
1.Navigate to one of the following locations:
◦All > Third-party Risk Management > External Risk Assessments > All Assessments.
◦Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate
to External Risk Assessments > All Assessments.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3145
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |


Important: Smart assessments must be viewed in the Vendor Management
Workspace.
2. Create an external assessment by selecting New and fill in the form.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Third-party risk assessment form.
3. Select Submit.
Additional related lists appear. If you left the Assessment template field empty and want to
use assessment templates to associate multiple questionnaires or document requests with
this assessment, use the Questionnaires or Document Requests related lists.
4.Associate existing questionnaires or document requests with the assessment, by performing
the following steps.
a.Open the Questionnaires or Document Requests related list.
b.Select Edit, select the questionnaires or document requests to use, and then select Save.
c.Repeat for the other type of questions, if needed.
TPR administrators can create questionnaire or document request templates and associate
them with the assessment. For more information, see Create a questionnaire or document
request template.
5. Select Submit to third party.
Important: When the TPR manager or TPR assessor adds a questionnaire to an
assessment, they have the option to select or deselect the Include previous responses
option on the questionnaire page. The option can’t be changed after the questionnaire
is sent to the third party. For more information, see Create a questionnaire or document
request template and Assessment metric type form.
◦The state of the assessment changes to Submitted to third party.
◦The templates that you selected generate questionnaires or document requests.
◦If the Include previous responses option is selected for a questionnaire, then previous
responses are copied and added to the outgoing questionnaire. The notification in the Third-
party portal includes the number, name, and last updated date of the previous assessment
that supplied the responses. The notification also includes a link to the assessment.
◦The primary third-party contact receives an email notification that includes a link to the
assessment in the Third-party portal.
Note: When you use the Include previous responses option, responses are copied
from the original assessment (Assessment A) to the newer assessment (Assessment
B) one time. Any changes you make to Assessment A afterward won't be reflected in
Assessment B. Both assessments remain separate.
6.When the third-party contact is ready to respond to the assessment, they open the
assessment in the Third-party portal.
Note: If your questionnaire is set up to require a signature, the third party or reviewer
must save and e-sign the questionnaire or document request before it can be submitted.
The signature feature isn’t supported for SAE questionnaires. For more information, see
E-signatures on questionnaires or document requests.
7.The TPR assessor moves the state of the assessment to Generating Observations.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3146
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


|  | Create a questionnaire or document |
| --- | --- |
| Assessment metric type form |  |
