# Reopen an assessment

*Pages 170–170*

Choice Description
Select the Notes and Comments tab.
To add notes or comments and review ques­
Note: This is available when you’re us­
tionnaire activity
ing the Classic assessment engine.
Reopen an assessment
Reopen an assessment to send out more questionnaires and document requests to collect
required additional information from the third party or engagement.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager
About this task
As the TPR manager, TPR assessor, or owner of the due diligence request, you may reopen
an assessment due to an internal stakeholder request or if new information impacts the
engagement. You can reopen an assessment after the due diligence request has gone through
any of the following processes: due diligence, approval, or contract. The due diligence request
must be in the Closed state before you can reopen an assessment. After reopening the
assessment, you can select additional questionnaires and document requests to send from the
Questionnaire templates and Document templates tabs.
Procedure
1.In the Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to Due
diligence requests > All requests.
2. Select the relevant DDR number.
3. View the related Third-party risk assessments by selecting the VRA number on the External
assessments tab.
4.Select Re-open.
Create an issue for a third party or engagement
Create an issue to help ensure that your concerns about a third party or engagement are
remediated.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
In an iterative process, before the TPR manager closes an assessment, the TPR manager can
generate non-compliance issues and tasks. The TPR manager communicates with the TP
contacts and engagement contacts by using comments to close the issues and tasks. The TPR
manager can also assign different contacts as needed.
Procedure
1.In the Quick actions box on the TPRM home page , select Create issue.
2. Optional: Select a template to fill in several fields on the form.
You can filter the template list and add templates to your custom My templates list.
3. Fill in the form and then select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3152
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Choice | Description |
| --- | --- |
