# Create an issue for a third party or engagement

*Pages 170–171*

Choice Description
Select the Notes and Comments tab.
To add notes or comments and review ques­
Note: This is available when you’re us­
tionnaire activity
ing the Classic assessment engine.
Reopen an assessment
Reopen an assessment to send out more questionnaires and document requests to collect
required additional information from the third party or engagement.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager
About this task
As the TPR manager, TPR assessor, or owner of the due diligence request, you may reopen
an assessment due to an internal stakeholder request or if new information impacts the
engagement. You can reopen an assessment after the due diligence request has gone through
any of the following processes: due diligence, approval, or contract. The due diligence request
must be in the Closed state before you can reopen an assessment. After reopening the
assessment, you can select additional questionnaires and document requests to send from the
Questionnaire templates and Document templates tabs.
Procedure
1.In the Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to Due
diligence requests > All requests.
2. Select the relevant DDR number.
3. View the related Third-party risk assessments by selecting the VRA number on the External
assessments tab.
4.Select Re-open.
Create an issue for a third party or engagement
Create an issue to help ensure that your concerns about a third party or engagement are
remediated.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
In an iterative process, before the TPR manager closes an assessment, the TPR manager can
generate non-compliance issues and tasks. The TPR manager communicates with the TP
contacts and engagement contacts by using comments to close the issues and tasks. The TPR
manager can also assign different contacts as needed.
Procedure
1.In the Quick actions box on the TPRM home page , select Create issue.
2. Optional: Select a template to fill in several fields on the form.
You can filter the template list and add templates to your custom My templates list.
3. Fill in the form and then select Save.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3152
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Choice | Description |
| --- | --- |


Third-party risk issue form
Field Description
Name Helpful tag for the template. The field might
be filled in by a template.
Description Text that helps others to understand the
issue.
Number
For each issue, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text VRI.
The unique ID is used in all references to the
item. You can use the ID to search or filter for
the item that you want to work on.
Applies to
◦Third party: The issue applies to the parent
third-party organization.
◦Engagement: The issue applies to the
engagement.
◦Entity: The issue applies to the third-party
element entity.
Third party Third party with which the issue is
associated.
Assessment Assessment with which the issue is
associated.
State The state of an issue is updated as you
perform actions that are associated with the
issue. The workflow chain along the top of the
Risk overview tab identifies the current state
of the issue. See Manage issues.
Priority Specify the priority. The value appears in all
reports that include the issue.
Assignment group
Qualified group of individuals available to
work on the request.
Assigned to User that is responsible for managing and
closing the issue.
Third-party contact Contact at the third party with which the issue
is associated.
Watch list Add other users to help ensure that they see
updates in the issue state and other values.
Visible in third-party portal Option to display the issue to the third-party
contacts in the Third-party portal.
Recommendations section
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3153
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Helpful tag for the template. The field might be filled in by a template. |
| Description | Text that helps others to understand the issue. |
| Number | For each issue, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRI. The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID to search or filter for the item that you want to work on. |
| Applies to | ◦Third party: The issue applies to the parent third-party organization. ◦Engagement: The issue applies to the engagement. ◦Entity: The issue applies to the third-party element entity. |
| Third party | Third party with which the issue is associated. |
| Assessment | Assessment with which the issue is associated. |
| State | The state of an issue is updated as you perform actions that are associated with the issue. The workflow chain along the top of the Risk overview tab identifies the current state of the issue. See Manage issues. |
| Priority | Specify the priority. The value appears in all reports that include the issue. |
| Assignment group | Qualified group of individuals available to work on the request. |
| Assigned to | User that is responsible for managing and closing the issue. |
| Third-party contact | Contact at the third party with which the issue is associated. |
| Watch list | Add other users to help ensure that they see updates in the issue state and other values. |
| Visible in third-party portal | Option to display the issue to the third-party contacts in the Third-party portal. |
| Recommendations section |  |
