# Manage issues

*Pages 172–172*

Field Description
Recommendation
◦Third party to remediate: You expect that
the TP contact will remediate the issue so
you can close it.
◦Accept issue: You determine that the risk
associated with issue is acceptable and
requires no further action.
◦Request additional information: You will
request additional information from the TP
contact.
The field might be filled in by a template.
Explanation The field might be filled in by a template.
If Visible in third-party portal is selected, then the third-party contact is alerted to the issue.
Result
The highest priority issues are listed in the Issues by priority section of the Home page. The
Assigned to user can manage the issue on the tabs of the Issue management page. See Manage
issues.
Related topics
TPRM Home page
Create an issue generation rule
Manage issues
Manage issues
Verify that an issue that is associated with a risk assessment is understood, communicated to the
appropriate persons, and is acted on as needed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
Procedure
1.Use either of the following methods to start the process:
◦On the TPRM Home page , the highest priority issues are listed in the Issues by priority
section. Select an issue name to view the Risk overview tab on the Issue page.
◦On the List page , select the issue name from one of the lists in the Issues section to
view the Risk overview tab on the Issue page.
Note: For each issue, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text VRI. The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID to search
or filter for the item that you want to work on.
2. Optional: Select an action.
◦Select Discuss to send a message to other users. The message is recorded in the Activity
section of the Details tab.
◦Select Create task to create a task. See Create a task for a third party or engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3154
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Recommendation | ◦Third party to remediate: You expect that the TP contact will remediate the issue so you can close it. ◦Accept issue: You determine that the risk associated with issue is acceptable and requires no further action. ◦Request additional information: You will request additional information from the TP contact. The field might be filled in by a template. |
| Explanation | The field might be filled in by a template. |
