# Create a task for a third party or engagement

*Pages 173–174*

◦Select Save to save any change you made to a value on any tab.
◦Select Delete to delete the issue record.
3. Open the appropriate tab.
On each tab, the Third-party overview section displays general details for the third party.
Risk overview tab for an issue
◦The workflow chain along the top identifies the current state of the issue. The
state is updated as you perform actions that are associated with the issue.
◦Tasks section: Lists associated tasks and displays the count and status of tasks.
For each issue, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text VRI. The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID
to search or filter for the item that you want to work on.
◦Tasks by planned end date section: Helps you to identify tasks that need urgent
attention.
◦Third-party overview section: General details for the third party.
Details tab for an issue
◦Third-party risk issue section: General information on the third party and
recommended actions for the issue.
◦The Compose section on the Details tab enables you to permanently add text
to the record. The Activity section is updated with any actions on issues and
tasks, submissions to TP contacts, and also with work notes and comments that
users add to the record. Add text in the following fields as needed:
▪Work notes (Private): Information about the third-party risk assessment.
Work notes are visible only to internal users who are assigned to the process.
▪Comments: Comments about the third-party risk assessment are visible both
to internal users and to third-party contacts.
Tasks tab for an issue
The tab displays information for tabs that are associated with the issue. Select a
task number to open the task in the task management page. Select New to create
a task. See Create a task for a third party or engagement.
Questions tab for an issue
The tab displays a list of the questions that are associated with the issue. Select a
question to view the question definition and current response.
Create a task for a third party or engagement
Create a task to help ensure that a user at your organization or the third-party contact responds
to your concerns about questionnaire responses or requested documents during the due
diligence process.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
In an iterative process, before the TPR manager closes an assessment, the TPR manager can
generate non-compliance issues and tasks. The TPR manager communicates with the TP
contacts and engagement contacts by using comments to close the issues and tasks. The TPR
manager can also assign different contacts as needed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3155
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Procedure
1.In the Quick actions box on the TPRM home page , select Create task.
2. Fill in the form and then select Save.
Third-party risk task form
Field Description
Short description / Description High-level and detailed information about
the issue that needs to be resolved and the
method for resolving it.
Number For each task, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text
VRT.
The unique ID is used in all references to the
item. You can use the ID to search or filter for
the item that you want to work on.
Applies to
◦Third party: The task applies to the parent
third-party organization.
◦Engagement: The task applies to the
engagement.
◦Entity: The task applies to the third-party
element entity.
Third party Third party with which the task is associated.
Assessment Assessment with which the task is
associated.
Issue Issue with which the task is associated.
State State of progress for the task.
◦Open
◦Submitted to third party
◦Review
◦Closed complete
◦Closed incomplete
◦Closed cancelled
Priority Specify the priority. The value appears in all
reports that include the task.
Assigned to User that is responsible for managing and
closing the task.
Third-party contact Contact at the third party with which the task
is associated.
Watch list Add other users to help ensure that they see
updates in the task state and other values.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3156
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Short description / Description | High-level and detailed information about the issue that needs to be resolved and the method for resolving it. |
| Number | For each task, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRT. The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID to search or filter for the item that you want to work on. |
| Applies to | ◦Third party: The task applies to the parent third-party organization. ◦Engagement: The task applies to the engagement. ◦Entity: The task applies to the third-party element entity. |
| Third party | Third party with which the task is associated. |
| Assessment | Assessment with which the task is associated. |
| Issue | Issue with which the task is associated. |
| State | State of progress for the task. ◦Open ◦Submitted to third party ◦Review ◦Closed complete ◦Closed incomplete ◦Closed cancelled |
| Priority | Specify the priority. The value appears in all reports that include the task. |
| Assigned to | User that is responsible for managing and closing the task. |
| Third-party contact | Contact at the third party with which the task is associated. |
| Watch list | Add other users to help ensure that they see updates in the task state and other values. |
