# Manage a task for a third party or engagement

*Pages 175–176*

Field Description
Visible in third-party portal Option to display the task to the third-party
contacts in the third-party portal.
Task schedule section
Planned duration / Actual duration The time period that you expect the task
to require and the actual duration that is
calculated from the actual start and actual
end dates.
Planned start date / Planned end date Expected start and end dates for the task.
Actual start date / Actual end date Actual start and end dates for the task based
on the first action and the date the task was
closed.
Closed by User who closed the task (typically the owner
— the Assigned to user).
Created / Updated Dates that the task was saved and date of the
latest change.
Manage a task for a third party or engagement
Verify that the Assigned to user at your organization or the third-party contact responds to a task
and update the state of the task as needed.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
Procedure
1.Select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and then select the Risk tab to open
the workspace to the home page and then select the task icon .
2. On either the My pending tasks or My group's tasks tab, select Tasks, and then select the
task number.
Note: The other options in the list (Due diligence requests, Issues, and so on) also
enable you to select a task to work on.
Third-party risk task form
Field Description
Short description / Description Text that explains and clarifies the intent of
the task for users.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3157
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Visible in third-party portal | Option to display the task to the third-party contacts in the third-party portal. |
| Task schedule section |  |
| Planned duration / Actual duration | The time period that you expect the task to require and the actual duration that is calculated from the actual start and actual end dates. |
| Planned start date / Planned end date | Expected start and end dates for the task. |
| Actual start date / Actual end date | Actual start and end dates for the task based on the first action and the date the task was closed. |
| Closed by | User who closed the task (typically the owner — the Assigned to user). |
| Created / Updated | Dates that the task was saved and date of the latest change. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Short description / Description | Text that explains and clarifies the intent of the task for users. |


Field Description
Number For each task, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text
VRT.
The unique ID is used in all references to the
item. You can use the ID to search or filter for
the item that you want to work on.
Applies to
◦Third party: The issue applies to the parent
third-party organization.
◦Engagement: The issue applies to the
engagement.
◦Entity: The issue applies to the third-party
element entity.
Third party Third party with which the task is associated.
Assessment Assessment with which the task is
associated.
Issue Issue with which the task is associated.
State State of the progress for the task.
◦Open
◦Submitted to third party
◦Review
◦Closed complete
◦Closed incomplete
◦Closed cancelled
Priority Specify the priority. The value appears in all
reports that include the task.
Assigned to User that is responsible for managing and
closing the task.
Third-party contact Contact at the third party with which the task
is associated.
Watch list Add other users to help ensure that they see
updates in the task state and other values.
Visible in third-party portal Option to display the task to the third-party
contacts in the third-party portal.
Task schedule section
Planned duration / Actual duration The time period that you expect the task
to require and the actual duration that is
calculated from the actual start and end
dates.
Planned start date / Planned end date Expected start and end dates for the task.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3158
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | For each task, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRT. The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID to search or filter for the item that you want to work on. |
| Applies to | ◦Third party: The issue applies to the parent third-party organization. ◦Engagement: The issue applies to the engagement. ◦Entity: The issue applies to the third-party element entity. |
| Third party | Third party with which the task is associated. |
| Assessment | Assessment with which the task is associated. |
| Issue | Issue with which the task is associated. |
| State | State of the progress for the task. ◦Open ◦Submitted to third party ◦Review ◦Closed complete ◦Closed incomplete ◦Closed cancelled |
| Priority | Specify the priority. The value appears in all reports that include the task. |
| Assigned to | User that is responsible for managing and closing the task. |
| Third-party contact | Contact at the third party with which the task is associated. |
| Watch list | Add other users to help ensure that they see updates in the task state and other values. |
| Visible in third-party portal | Option to display the task to the third-party contacts in the third-party portal. |
| Task schedule section |  |
| Planned duration / Actual duration | The time period that you expect the task to require and the actual duration that is calculated from the actual start and end dates. |
| Planned start date / Planned end date | Expected start and end dates for the task. |
