# Export questionnaire responses to a spreadsheet

*Pages 177–177*

Field Description
Actual start date / Actual end date Expected start and end dates for the task
based on the first action and the date the
task was closed.
Closed by User who closed the task (typically the
Assigned to user).
Created / Updated Dates that the task was saved and date of the
latest change.
Export questionnaire responses to a spreadsheet
Export received or returned questionnaires to Microsoft Excel spreadsheets. This option enables
you to use the spreadsheet environment to review questions and answers.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
You can export only questionnaires in the received or returned state.
Note: This is available when you’re using the Classic assessment engine.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Third-party risk management > External risk assessments >
All open.
2. Select the External assessment (VRA) number of an assessment that is in the Responses
received state.
3. On the Risk overview tab, in the Questionnaires and document requests section, select the
Name to open the questionnaire that you want and then fill in the questions.
◦To export a single questionnaire:
Select View Responses and then select Export Responses.
◦To export more than one questionnaire:
a.Select the check boxes for the questionnaires that you want, then select Export
Questionnaire from the Actions on selected rows list.
b.Select Export.
◦To export all listed questionnaires:
a.Select Export All.
b.A pop-up lists the questionnaires to be exported.
c.Select Export.
Note: Questionnaires in the received or returned state are available for exporting.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3159
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Actual start date / Actual end date | Expected start and end dates for the task based on the first action and the date the task was closed. |
| Closed by | User who closed the task (typically the Assigned to user). |
| Created / Updated | Dates that the task was saved and date of the latest change. |
