# Get an overview of an engagement

*Pages 195–198*

•A. Overall value: The most recently added overall raw score or raw rating from the provider.
•B. Normalized risk rating. If you entered a numerical raw score or raw rating from the provider,
then this is the computed normalized TPRM rating. You specified the mapping from the
provider's values to the TPRM rating while configuring the provider service.
•C. Link to the report that the provider returned for your request for a risk intelligence score.
Related topics
Add a risk intelligence score to risk data for a third party
Set up a risk intelligence provider service
Get an overview of an engagement
Use the engagement page to access all current information and status for an engagement.
Accessing engagement information
1.Select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. On the Risk tab, select .
3. In the Third-party risk overview section, select any number in a box to open the list of
engagements with that value.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3177
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

4.Select an engagement name and then select the appropriate tab.
Information on the tabs for an engagement
On most reports, you can select an item to view the underlying data.
Risk overview tab
The Risk overview tab displays engagement name and process information, risk
intelligence scores, summary reports, and tracking data for issues and tasks. See
Viewing summarized risk information for an engagement.
Details tab
The Details tab displays overview and process tracking information and offers
actions for managing the third party or engagement. See Viewing general
information on a third party
Note: When you select the More tab, you can view additional tabs that will show other
types of relevant information such as, associated assessments, issues, tasks, risk
components, entity types, and more.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3178
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Viewing summarized risk information for an engagement
The Risk overview tab displays engagement name and process information, summary reports,
risk intelligence scores, and tracking data for issues and tasks. On most reports, you can select
an item to view the underlying data.
Getting to the Risk overview tab
1.Select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. On the Risk tab, select .
3. In the Third-party risk overview section, select any number in a box to open the list of
engagements with that value.
4.Select an engagement name and then select the appropriate tab.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3179
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Information on the Risk overview tab
A: Name and process information
This section provides quick access to status and contact information.
B: Engagement summary
Risk rating and scoring rules are described in Set up risk rating scales for scoring.
C: Tracking
•Assessments: Counts of assessments in various process statuses. Select a
number to view details.
•Issues: Issues are described in Create an issue for a third party or engagement
and Manage issues.
•Tasks: Tasks are described in Create a task for a third party or engagement and
Manage a task for a third party or engagement.
D: Overview
This section provides quick access to basic information about the engagement.
E: Actions
•Discuss: Select Discuss to send a message to other users. The message is
recorded in the Activity section of the Details tab.
•Create: Generate an issue or task. See Create an issue for a third party or
engagement and Create a task for a third party or engagement.
•360° view: Visually explore the relationships between existing assessments,
issues, tasks, product models, upstream, and downstream contacts that affect the
selected third party. See 360° Relationship Visualization.
•Save: Save changes that you have made on the page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3180
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.