# Viewing third-party risk reports

*Pages 199–209*

Viewing third-party risk reports
Use the Risk tab on the Vendor Management Workspace to access and prioritize activities
such as managing your portfolio of third parties, assessing third-party risk, and completing the
remediation life cycle. The workspace enables automation that reduces the manual burden and
costs of risk assessment.
Navigating the Vendor Management Workspace
Select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and then select the Risk tab to open the
workspace to the home page. Each icon in the navigation panel opens a specialized page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3181
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Home page
The home page displays reports of important risk information and provides quick
access to actions for TPR managers and TPR assessors. See TPRM Home page.
Due diligence management page
TPR managers and assessors use the due diligence management reports to track,
prioritize, and manage their responsibilities. See TPRM Due diligence management
reports.
Risk activity page
The Risk activity page enables you to quickly identify assessments, issues, and
tasks that need attention. See TPRM Risk activity page.
Dashboards page
The Dashboards page shows the Third-party insights dashboard and TPRM
custom analytics dashboard. You can use these dashboards to provide tailored
insights, improve decision-making, and create dashboards to meet any additional
requirements. For more information, see TPRM Dashboards page and Monitoring
assessment data using TPRM dashboards.
Risk concentration map page
The Risk concentration map page pinpoints the geographical locations of active
third parties and engagements. You can configure filters to view particular risk
ratings and engagement types. See TPRM Risk concentration map.
Task page
The task page gives you access to tasks that are assigned to you and to members of
your group. You can further filter the lists of tasks by due diligence requests, type of
third-party action, and by risk or tiering assessment. See TPRM Task page.
Unified content management page
After upgrading to version 22.0.1 and installing the Unified Content Management
application, the Unified Content Management page provides access
to a centralized library of Smart Assessment templates. TPR managers
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] can use this library to activate and update
ready-to-use questionnaires aligned with global regulations and industry standards,
helping ensure consistent and comprehensive assessments. For more information,
see TPRM Unified content management page.
List page
The List page is a general-purpose page that enables access to all items that you
can view or act on in TPRM. See TPRM List page.
Who can use the Vendor Management Workspace
The Vendor Management Workspace is designed for users with the following roles:
•TPR manager (Third-party risk manager) [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager]
•TPR assessor (Third-party risk assessor) [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor]
•Third-party assessment reviewer [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer]
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3182
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

TPRM Home page
The home page displays reports of important risk information and provides quick access to
actions for TPR managers and TPR assessors.
Accessing the page
To open the Home page in the Vendor Management Workspace, select Workspaces > Vendor
Management Workspace and on the Risk tab select the home page icon .
Third-party risk overview
Select any number in a box to open the associated list of third parties or
engagements.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3183
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

After you open a list, you can select Export to export the data or select New to
create a new engagement request.
Quick actions
•Create a third party record. Set up the key data and contact information for a third
party that your organization will possibly engage.
•Create an engagement. Define an engagement so that you can assess the
risks that are associated with the services or products offered by a third party.
Engagements can also represent the products or services that are provided to the
parent third party, either directly or from departments, partners, or subsidiaries
that you can also assess for risk.
•Create an internal assessment. Create an internal assessment as part of a due
diligence request or ongoing risk monitoring using Third-party Risk Management.
An internal assessment can affect which questionnaires are later sent to the third
party or engagement. See Create an internal assessment.
•Create an assessment and initiate the third-party risk assessment life cycle. See
Create an external assessment.
•Create an issue to help ensure that your concerns about a third party or
engagement are remediated. See Create an issue for a third party or engagement.
•Create a task to help ensure that a user at your organization or the third-party
contact responds to your concerns about questionnaire responses or requested
documents during the due diligence process. See Create a task for a third party or
engagement.
Third-party population overview
•Risk rating by risk tiers: The number of engagements at each risk rating for each
third-party risk tier. See Set up risk rating scales for scoring.
•Top risk areas:
The average risk score for engagements that are associated with each risk
domain that you’ve defined.
Note: Risk domains are called "risk areas" in some platform applications.
A risk domain defines the type of risk to assess for a third party. For example, you
might want to assess a data-management third party in terms of security risk and
a bank in terms of financial risk. Security risk and financial risk are risk domains.
Some platform applications refer to risk domains as "risk areas." See Define a
third-party risk domain.
Issues by priority
Count and priority of the highest priority open issues. Select an issue name to view
the Risk overview tab of the issue page. See Manage issues.
Fourth-nth party overview
Counts of fourth parties and their sub-parties that are associated with third
parties or engagements and unknown fourth parties. Select a segment of the
corresponding graph to view a list of known or unknown fourth-parties.
Note: Known fourth parties are organizations that have already been utilized
as third parties in your risk management program and unknown fourth parties
are only categorized as fourth parties and haven’t been utilized or identified as
third parties.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3184
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

TPRM Due diligence management reports
TPR managers and assessors use the due diligence management reports to track, prioritize, and
manage their responsibilities.
Accessing the reports
To view the due diligence management reports, select Workspaces > Vendor Management
Workspace. On the Risk tab, select due diligence management icon .
Tip: TPR managers and TPR admins can perform a wide variety of tasks from the due
diligence management dashboard. They can work on all processes in the workflow for a
due diligence request: IRQs, external due diligence, approval, contract risk, and closed
requests.
Select items in the list view to work on engagement requests
By default, the page lists all active processes: IRQ, due diligence, approval, contract risk, and
closed processes. Select the number on any card to view a list of actionable items for the
process.
•Select the number on the All active processes card to view the list of active processes.
•Select the number on the New requests card to view the list of new requests.
•Select the number on the IRQ process card to view the list of active IRQs. See IRQ process
management for details.
•Select the number on the Due diligence process card to view the list of active third-party risk
assessments. See Third-party (external) risk assessment management for details.
•Select the number on the Approval process card to view the list of requests in the approval
process. See Approval process management for details.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3185
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

•Select the number on the Contract risk process card to view the list of requests in the contract
process. See Managing the contract risk process for details.
•Select the number on the Final review process card to view the list of requests in the final
review process.
•Select the number on the Closed card to view the list of closed requests for due diligence.
For each due diligence request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text DDR. In any list, select the DDR number to view the request.
Due diligence aging section
The Due diligence aging section displays the current duration of requests for due diligence for a
third-party engagement: due diligence for third parties and for engagements. Use the list box to
specify the type of due diligence request to display in the charts.
Ongoing due diligence management
The Ongoing due diligence management section displays the current breakdown of Active,
Closed, and Cancelled requests for due diligence.
Due diligence workflow: Days to completion
The Due diligence workflow: Days to completion section displays the average completion time of
each workflow over time.
Related topics
IRQ process management
Third-party (external) risk assessment management
Managing the contract risk process
Approval process management
TPRM Risk activity page
The Risk activity page enables you to quickly identify assessments, issues, and tasks that need
attention.
Accessing the page
To view the Risk activity page, select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and on
the Risk tab, select the risk activity icon .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3186
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Working on the page
Work queue
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3187
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Select any number in a box to open the associated list of assessments, issues, or
tasks.
Activity overview
Select any bar on a chart to open the associated list of assessments, issues, or
tasks.
Expiring third-party risk assessments.
The section lists risk assessment due diligence requests that will expire soon.
For each external risk assessment, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number
that starts with the text VRA. Select a VRA number to work on the risk assessment
on the External assessments tab.
TPRM Dashboards page
The dashboards page displays the Third-party insights dashboard and TPRM custom analytics
dashboard as well as any other dashboards you and your team create.
Accessing the dashboards
You can view the Dashboards page by navigating to Workspaces > Vendor Management
Workspace and selecting the dashboard page icon . From the dashboards page you can view
two pre-existing dashboards, with the option to create more.
Viewing dashboards
Select the down arrow next to the name of the dashboard to open the drop-down menu and view
all of your accessible dashboards. For more information on TPRM dashboards, see Monitoring
assessment data using TPRM dashboards.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3188
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Related topics
Monitoring assessment data using TPRM dashboards
Create a TPRM dashboard with the In-line editor
Edit TPRM dashboard details
Edit TPRM dashboards
Edit TPRM dashboard elements
Share a TPRM dashboard
Delete a TPRM dashboard
Dashboards in Platform Analytics
TPRM Risk concentration map
The Risk concentration map page pinpoints the geographical locations of active third parties and
engagements. You can configure filters to view particular risk ratings and engagement types.
Accessing the page
Note: This feature is available only if the Third-party Risk Management application has
been activated. After you install the Risk concentration map feature, you must install a
Google license to enable the feature. To enable the risk concentration map feature, see
Enable the TPRM Risk concentration map.
To view the Risk concentration map, select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and
on the Risk tab, select the risk map icon .
Risk concentration map actions
•Select an engagement from the Engagements tab to view its high-level information and
specific location on the map.
•Select a third party from the Third parties tab to view the third party's high-level information,
a list of their associated engagements, and those engagements on the map. This is helpful for
viewing the locations of each engagement, which can differ from the associated third party.
•Select the menu icon to open the list of filters that you can apply to the map.
Note: The Risk concentration map only shows engagement locations.
The following example shows the risk concentration map view when the Engagements tab is
selected and filters are applied.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3189
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Example of risk concentration map view
Note: You can select engagements and open their records in the Vendor Management
Workspace where you can create issues, assign tasks, and start assessments.
TPRM Task page
The task page gives you access to tasks that are assigned to you and to members of your group.
You can further filter the lists of tasks by due diligence requests, type of third-party action, and by
risk or tiering assessment.
Accessing the page
To open the Task page, select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and on the Risk
tab, select the task icon .
TPRM Unified content management page
The unified content management page provides access to a centralized library of smart
assessment templates. You can use this library to activate ready‑to‑use questionnaires aligned
with global regulations and industry standards, helping ensure consistent and comprehensive
assessments.
Accessing the page
After upgrading to version 22.0.1 and installing the Unified Content Management application, TPR
managers [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] can open the Unified content management
page, by selecting Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and on the Risk tab, select
the unified content management icon .
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3190
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

TPR managers can use this library to activate and update ready-to-use questionnaires aligned
with global regulations and industry standards, helping ensure consistent and comprehensive
assessments.
For more information, see Viewing third-party risk reports and TPRM Unified content
management page.
For a list of questionnaires that are provided as part of the base system, see Sample
questionnaires.
TPRM List page
The List page is a general-purpose page that enables access to all items that you can view or act
on in TPRM.
Accessing the page
To open the List page, select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace and on the Risk
tab, select the list icon .
Each of the lists provides links to risk information and to action pages for your day-to-day tasks.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3191
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.