# Monitoring the due diligence request process

*Pages 221–222*

8.Select Confirm.
9.Optional: Select the dashboard details icon to view who the dashboard has been shared
with and where it’s visible.
Delete a TPRM dashboard
You can delete a dashboard that is no longer useful. The Analytics Overview invokes the
Workflow Studio to remove the dashboard from your instance.
Before you begin
Inform any users who can view the dashboard that you’re deleting it. Users who have
bookmarked a deleted dashboard see an error when they try to access it.
Role required: You can delete any dashboard that you created. If you have the admin role,
you must be in the same application scope as the dashboard and then you can delete any
dashboard.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace
2. Select the dashboard page icon and then select the dashboard that you want to delete.
3. From the more actions menu select, Delete.
4.Confirm the deletion.
You can’t undo this action. If you accidentally delete a dashboard associated with a plugin, an
admin can restore the original version of the dashboard.
a.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
b.Find the plugin using the filter criteria and search bar.
c.Select the more actions menu button and choose Repair.
d. Select Repair in the Activate Plugin window.
Monitoring the due diligence request process
TPR managers and TPR admins can perform a wide variety of tasks from the due diligence
management dashboard. They can work on all processes in the workflow for a due diligence
request: IRQs, external due diligence, approval, contract risk, and closed requests.
For each due diligence request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text DDR. You can access the Due diligence management page from many locations by selecting
the DDR number for any due diligence request. The page opens to the Details tab. Typically, you
start from the TPRM Home page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3203
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Monitoring processes from the request management page
Viewing basic information about a request on the Details tab
From the Details tab, you can view and adjust the due diligence request information
for a third party. You can also log external-facing comments and private work notes,
attach files, and track request updates in the activity stream. See Due diligence
request process management.
Monitoring the IRQ process
The first internal step after an engagement request is approved is to start the IRQ
process to scope the risk by determining the third party's risk score. You can access
the Due diligence management page from many locations by selecting the DDR
number for any due diligence request. See IRQ process management.
Monitoring the external due diligence process
Select a VRA Number to open the external assessments page in the Due diligence
management page. See Third-party (external) risk assessment management.
Monitoring the approval process
You can view the list of users who can approve or reject a DD request and also view
the details of their approval actions. In addition, you can view the approval levels for
a request. See Approval process management.
View the risk intelligence scores for a third party
The information on the Risk intelligence scores tab comes from risk intelligence
provider services. Select any link to drill into the settings and scores. See Viewing
risk intelligence scores.
Monitoring the Contract risk process
Protect your organization's interests, as the Third-party risk contract negotiator,
often the corporate counsel, by incorporating specific contractual provisions so
that you can address the risks identified using the Third-party Risk Management
application. See Accessing DD requests that are in the contract risk process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3204
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.