# Monitoring your fourth-nth parties

*Pages 223–227*

Actions on the Due diligence management pages
Tip: When you create (or the system generates) a new record (for example, a request for
due diligence or a task), the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that helps to identify
the type of data in the record. You can use the ID number to search for or filter the item you
want to work on. See Unique ID numbers for TPRM records.
Actions
Action Description
Start onboarding For requests in the New state, this button
enables the TPR manager to start the process.
Discuss Select Discuss to send a message to other
users. The message is recorded in the Activity
section of the Details tab.
Save Select Save to save any change you made to a
value on any tab.
… Delete Select Delete to delete the record of the
engagement request.
Working in the Compose section
The Compose section on the Details tab
enables you to permanently add text to the
record. The Activity section is updated with
any actions on issues and tasks, submissions
to TP contacts, and also with work notes and
comments that users add to the record. Add
text in the following fields as needed:
•Work notes (Private): Information about
the third-party risk assessment. Work notes
are visible only to internal users who are
assigned to the process.
•Comments: Comments about the third-party
risk assessment are visible both to internal
users and to third-party contacts.
Adding an attachment
Select Browse in the Attachments section to
select and add an attachment.
Monitoring your fourth-nth parties
You can identify and manage the third-party risks that depend on the services of the fourth-nth
parties by using the Third-party Risk Management application. By monitoring your fourth-nth
parties, you can help to ensure that they adhere to the same security and compliance standards
as the primary third party.
Fourth-nth parties
Fourth-nth parties can include various entities, such as sub-suppliers, service providers,
consultants, or any other organization that the third party relies on to deliver its products or
services. These parties could have access to your sensitive data, systems, or processes, which
makes them potential sources of risk.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3205
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Action | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Start onboarding | For requests in the New state, this button enables the TPR manager to start the process. |
| Discuss | Select Discuss to send a message to other users. The message is recorded in the Activity section of the Details tab. |
| Save | Select Save to save any change you made to a value on any tab. |
| … Delete | Select Delete to delete the record of the engagement request. |
| Working in the Compose section | The Compose section on the Details tab enables you to permanently add text to the record. The Activity section is updated with any actions on issues and tasks, submissions to TP contacts, and also with work notes and comments that users add to the record. Add text in the following fields as needed: •Work notes (Private): Information about the third-party risk assessment. Work notes are visible only to internal users who are assigned to the process. •Comments: Comments about the third-party risk assessment are visible both to internal users and to third-party contacts. |
| Adding an attachment | Select Browse in the Attachments section to select and add an attachment. |


Let's look at some fourth-nth party risk examples:
Parts
A company regularly uses an item from a third party that relies on a hardware part
from another organization. In this case, the organization that provides the additional
part is a fourth party that can potentially create a downstream risk for the item that is
provided by the third party.
Services
A company stores its payroll application by using the Automatic Data Processing
(ADP) service. The ADP service is a third-party service that relies on Amazon Web
Services (AWS) to store its data. The ADP service depends on AWS to have security
measures and processes in place to safeguard their data and maintain its safety.
Although AWS is often a third party of primary services, the AWS service is a fourth
party to the third party ADP in this case.
You can link two fourth parties to each other. For example, a link can occur when an organization
that provides an additional part relies on another fourth party to deliver the hardware part.
However, you can't create a loop when you link two fourth parties. The starting point can be either
a third or fourth party. For example, let's consider Fourth party A, which has a child Fourth party
B. Fourth party B, in turn, has a child Fourth party C. However, Fourth party C can’t have a child
that leads back to Fourth party A. This restriction ensures that a circular dependency isn’t formed
among the fourth parties.
Fourth-nth party actions
As part of your risk management program, you can add fourth-nth party information manually
or by collecting responses from a third party by using a fourth-party registration questionnaire.
You can manually create a fourth-nth party record if you don't have time to send a questionnaire
to a third party or only need to create one record. After reviewing and registering, or manually
creating these fourth-nth party records, they’re available for monitoring by using Vendor
Management Workspace. As your business relationships change, you can keep relevant
information current by promoting a fourth-nth party record to a third-party record. This third-party
record incorporates all existing information and then designates the existing fourth-nth party as a
known fourth party.
Here are the different actions that you can take to manage and monitor fourth-nth parties:
Register the fourth-nth parties
If you're a third-party risk (TPR) assessor or manager, you can register fourth-
nth parties after collecting responses from a third party by using the fourth-party
registration questionnaire. You can send the fourth-party registration questionnaire
only to the third parties and not engagements. For more information, see Register a
fourth-nth party.
View the fourth-nth parties that are associated with a third party
You can view all the related fourth-nth parties by navigating to the Downstream
suppliers tab of the third-party page in Vendor Management Workspace. Viewing
all the fourth parties that are linked to a third party can help you make informed
decisions about initiating or continuing a relationship with an engagement.
For instance, if a fourth party that is associated with a third party is known for
higher risks in the automotive industry, it might still be acceptable to pursue an
engagement in a different industry. However, if an engagement with the same third
party involves the automotive industry, the risk could be considered too high.
For more information on how to view all the related fourth-nth parties, see Viewing
information on fourth parties.
View the fourth-parties overview section
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3206
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

You can view the known fourth parties, the sub-parties that are associated with
the third parties, and the unknown fourth parties by navigating to the Vendor
Management Workspace home page. Having this high-level view is helpful in
understanding how much information is available for a fourth party and how it
relates with the other third parties and engagements. For example, if it’s a known
fourth party, you can leverage all the existing due diligence information that was
gathered while it was assessed as a third party.
Note: The known fourth parties are organizations that have already been
used as third parties in your risk management program. The unknown fourth
parties are only categorized as fourth parties that haven’t been used or
identified as third parties.
For more information on viewing the known fourth parties, the sub-parties that are
associated with the third parties, and the unknown fourth parties, see TPRM Home
page.
Manually create a fourth-nth party record
If you’re a TPR assessor or manager, you can manually create a fourth-nth party
record.
For more information on how to create a fourth-nth party record, see Create a fourth-
nth party record.
Note: You can add an existing third party as a fourth-nth party to another
third party by navigating to the Downstream suppliers tab of a third-party
page in the Vendor Management Workspace and selecting Add. After
it’s added the existing third party is now categorized as both a third party
and fourth-nth party for the chosen third party and includes all collected
information.
Promote a fourth-nth party to a third party
If you’re a TPR assessor or manager, you can promote a fourth-nth party record to a
third party. After you promote a fourth-nth party to a third party, a third-party record
is created and the existing fourth-nth party is identified as a known fourth party.
For more information on how to promote a fourth-nth party record to a third-party
record, see Promote a fourth-nth party to a third party.
Related topics
Viewing information on fourth parties
TPRM Home page
Register a fourth-nth party
Register fourth-nth parties after collecting responses from a third party by using the fourth-party
registration questionnaire in the Third-party Risk Management application. With the fourth-party
registration questionnaire, you can create multiple fourth-nth party records at a time.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor
Procedure
1.Navigate to the Fourth-party templates tab of a new or active external assessment.
2. Assign a Fourth-party registration questionnaire to the external assessment by selecting Add
and then selecting a questionnaire.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3207
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

The questionnaire you are using for fourth-party registration can only be sent to third parties.
You can use the fourth-party registration questionnaire that is included as part of the base
system or a custom questionnaire that has the Fourth-party template classification and has a
Fourth-party information metric category added.
The third party must answer the first two questions in each Fourth-party information section.
Don’t alter the first eight questions of each section because they’re used for mapping the
responses to the new fourth-party record.
For more information on assessments, see Assessing your third-party risk.
3. When you receive responses from the third-party contact, navigate to the Downstream
Suppliers tab of the assessment and review the fourth-nth party information that was
collected.
4.Review each fourth-nth party in the list and confirm if that party exists and select Create new
fourth-party if it doesn’t.
Downstream suppliers list
Field Description
Name Name of the fourth-nth party that is
associated with the record.
URL URL for the fourth-nth party.
Downstream supplier Fourth party record that is used after the
fourth-nth party is approved and becomes
active.
You can enter an existing fourth-nth party
by double-clicking (or using the keyboard
shortcut) the downstream supplier field and
selecting the magnifying glass icon .
This action helps you view existing records to
avoid creating duplicate records.
DUNS number Unique numeric identifier for the single
business entity.
A DUNS number isn’t legally required for a
business.
Status Current state in the registration process: In
review, Active, or Ignored.
5. Select Approve to make each fourth-party record active or select Ignore to keep the record
inactive.
Once a fourth-nth party record is active, it’s fully registered and available for use in your risk
management program.
For more information on fourth-nth parties, see Monitoring your fourth-nth parties.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3208
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the fourth-nth party that is associated with the record. |
| URL | URL for the fourth-nth party. |
| Downstream supplier | Fourth party record that is used after the fourth-nth party is approved and becomes active. You can enter an existing fourth-nth party by double-clicking (or using the keyboard shortcut) the downstream supplier field and selecting the magnifying glass icon . This action helps you view existing records to avoid creating duplicate records. |
| DUNS number | Unique numeric identifier for the single business entity. A DUNS number isn’t legally required for a business. |
| Status | Current state in the registration process: In review, Active, or Ignored. |


Create a fourth-nth party record
Create a fourth-nth party record by using the Third-party Risk Management application. You can
create fourth-nth party records manually as an alternative to using a fourth-party registration
questionnaire.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor
About this task
If you only need to create one fourth-nth party record or don't have time to send a questionnaire
to a third party, you can create a fourth-nth party record manually. To create and register multiple
fourth-nth party records, see Register a fourth-nth party.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and then navigate to Third parties > All fourth parties.
3. Select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Create New Company form
Field Description
Company section
Name Name of the fourth-nth party that is
associated with the record.
Status
Status of the fourth-nth party:
◦Active
◦Onboarding
◦Prospect
◦Active unauthorized
◦Terminated
◦Onboarding rejected
Note: After a fourth-nth party record is
active, it’s available for use in your risk
management program.
Website URL for the fourth-nth party.
DUNS number Unique numeric identifier for the single
business entity.
A DUNS number isn’t legally required for a
business.
Notes Additional information about the fourth-nth
party.
Contact section
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3209
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Company section |  |
| Name | Name of the fourth-nth party that is associated with the record. |
| Status | Status of the fourth-nth party: ◦Active ◦Onboarding ◦Prospect ◦Active unauthorized ◦Terminated ◦Onboarding rejected Note: After a fourth-nth party record is active, it’s available for use in your risk management program. |
| Website | URL for the fourth-nth party. |
| DUNS number | Unique numeric identifier for the single business entity. A DUNS number isn’t legally required for a business. |
| Notes | Additional information about the fourth-nth party. |
| Contact section |  |
