# Monitoring third-party elements

*Pages 228–233*

Field Description
Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Standard contact information for the third-
Country, Phone, Fax party organization.
5. Select Save.
6.Associate the active fourth-nth party record with a third party by navigating to the Downstream
Suppliers tab of the desired third party and selecting Add.
The fourth-nth party record is active and associated with a third party.
For more information on fourth-nth parties, see Monitoring your fourth-nth parties.
Promote a fourth-nth party to a third party
Promote a fourth-nth party record to a third party by using the Third-party Risk Management
application. If you’re now working with a fourth-nth party at the third-party level, you can keep
relevant information current by promoting a fourth-nth party record to a third-party record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor
About this task
When preparing to request due diligence for a new engagement, you can upgrade an existing
fourth-nth party record to a third-party record, rather than creating a record. This third-party
record is automatically populated with the existing fourth-nth party information, while the original
fourth-nth party record and its relationships remain intact.
For example, Company A is pursuing a new project and needs to conduct due diligence on an
engagement with a supplier, Supplier B. Previously, Supplier B was considered a fourth party
because they were a subcontractor managed through a different third party, Supplier A. However,
for this new project, Company A decides to work directly with Supplier B for their new project.
Company A promotes Supplier B from a fourth party to a third party in their records. This scenario
means that Supplier B is now directly associated with Company A. Company A can now conduct
due diligence on their new engagement with Supplier B. Supplier B is a third party for Company A
and still a fourth party for Supplier A.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and then navigate to Third parties > All fourth parties.
3. Select the desired fourth-nth party.
4.Select Add as a third-party.
A third-party record is created that incorporates all the existing fourth-nth party record
information and then designates that fourth-nth party as a known fourth party. Known fourth
parties have been or are in the process of being assessed for risk as part of the due diligence
workflow. You can access all available due diligence information at the fourth-nth party and its
corresponding third-party level.
For more information on fourth-nth parties, see Monitoring your fourth-nth parties.
Monitoring third-party elements
You can monitor third-party elements through scalable scoring models, relationship analysis,
and due diligence workflow integration by using the Third-party Risk Management application.
Monitoring third-party elements and leveraging that information can help with conducting more
informed risk assessments as part of your third-party risk program.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3210
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country, Phone, Fax | Standard contact information for the third- party organization. |


Third-party elements overview
Third-party elements (TP elements) are the external organizations that an engagement relies
on to provide goods, services, or support. These organizations can include the suppliers,
contractors, facilities, individuals, or any other external organization that can access the
engagement's systems, data, or facilities. Each third‑party element is linked to a single third
party. Third‑party elements can be associated with multiple engagements for the same third
party but cannot be shared or reused across different third parties.
Let's look at some TP element class and risk examples:
Datacenter
A facility or location where an engagement or third party outsources the storage,
processing, and management of their data and IT infrastructure. A datacenter
could potentially experience a data breach, downtime, or compliance violation that
exposes their engagements to unexpected risk. This example would be classified as
a Facility TP element.
Manufacturing facility
A facility or location where an engagement or third party outsources the production
or assembly of their products. A manufacturing facility could potentially experience
a supply chain disruption, a counterfeit part, or regulatory compliance issue that
exposes their engagements to unexpected risk. This example would be classified as
a Facility TP element.
Beneficial owner
An individual who owns or controls an organization that is involved in a business
relationship or transaction. These individuals may not be the registered or legal
owners of the organization but have significant influence or control over its
operations, decision-making, or financial affairs. This example would be classified
as a Principal TP element.
The following infographic shows the TP element collection process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3211
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

For more information on Third-party (TP) elements and examples of their associated controls and
potential risks, see Terminology.
Collecting and reviewing third-party elements
Collecting and reviewing third-party elements is optional. If you have the Third-party risk (TPR)
assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] role and are the due diligence request owner or
TPR manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] role, you can start this process after your
due diligence request has completed the Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ) process.
You would follow this process to collect and review TP elements:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3212
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

1.In the Vendor Management Workspace, if TP elements are needed, the Third-party risk (TPR)
manager or due diligence request owner selects Start collection and a collection task is
created.
2. The TPR manager or owner opens the external assessment for collecting elements and adds
the relevant TP element collection questionnaires.
3. The TPR manager or owner reviews and approves the questionnaires and they’re sent to the
engagement. For more information on assessments, see Assessing your third-party risk.
4.In Vendor Management Workspace, the TPR manager or owner opens the questionnaires and
verifies that all the required information was provided.
5. The TPR manager or owner then navigates to the list of TP elements and manually creates a TP
element record for each set of responses in each questionnaire.
6.After all TP elements are created, the TPR manager or owner closes the collection task
assessment. The system changes the state of the request from Collection in progress to
Collection in review.
7.The internal stakeholders (TPR assessor, TPR approver, TPR manager, or TPR administrator)
review and approve the element records.
For more information, see Create a third-party element record.
Adding third-party elements to engagements
After the TP elements are reviewed and approved by the TPR manager and internal stakeholders
in Vendor Management Workspace, the TPR manager or owner opens the engagement and
manually adds the reviewed and approved TP elements to the Engagement elements tab of the
engagement for that third party. For more information, see Add a third-party element record to an
engagement. After you add all TP elements to an engagement, you can start the due diligence
process. During the due diligence process, you must select and assign a questionnaire as part of
an external assessment for each TP element that you created. The third-party contact completes
the TP element questionnaires. For more information, see Assessing your third-party risk.
Third-party element scoring
You can categorize each TP element into one of the following types: Facility, Product, Principal,
or Other. This classification helps you with organizing the assessment criteria and subsequent
scoring. Scoring on a TP element is determined by averaging the risk ratings from its associated
third-party risk assessments. If you conduct multiple assessments for the same TP element, the
system considers only the latest assessment for each engagement for scoring, disregarding
duplicates. This process helps to ensure that the TP element's risk rating reflects the most
current evaluation. For example, if a TP element has assessments with risk ratings of very high
and very low, the average of these ratings leads to the overall risk being moderate.
After an element is assessed and a risk rating is determined, this rating is first aggregated into
a component score that is based on its classification, such as Facility. For example, all Facility-
type elements are aggregated into a single component score, which contributes to the overall
score of the engagement. The engagement score is then compiled by aggregating the scores
from all relevant component scores within that engagement. If multiple assessments or TP
elements are within an engagement, each is scored individually and then combined to form the
overall engagement score. The engagement score is then rolled up to the third-party level by
aggregating the scores from all the engagements that are associated with a particular third party.
The aggregation at this level could be based on different rules, such as averaging, taking the
minimum, or maximum scores, depending on the scoring rules set within the system. This rolled-
up score represents the overall risk or performance score of the third party and reflects all the
engagements and elements that are associated with it.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3213
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: You can create your own TP element classifications to meet your specific risk
program requirements. For more information on creating classifications and assigning
weights for scoring, see Third-party element form and Define component criteria.
Create a third-party element record
Create a third-party element record after you collect the responses from a third party by using a
collection template questionnaire in the Third-party Risk Management application. Third-party
element records are assessed directly as part of the due diligence workflow.
Before you begin
Make sure your due diligence request has completed the Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ)
process so that you can start the Third-party (TP) element collection process.
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor that is the due diligence request owner or
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager
About this task
In the Vendor Management Workspace, the Third-party risk (TPR) manager or due diligence
request owner selects Start collection for the due diligence request and a collection task is
created. A collection task is an external assessment for collecting elements. After receiving and
verifying responses to the collection template questionnaire, a Third-party risk (TPR) manager or
due diligence request owner creates third-party element records.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and then navigate to Due diligence requests > All requests.
3. Select the due diligence request that you want.
4.On the Collection task tab of the due diligence request, select the External assessment (VRA)
number to open the external assessment for collecting elements.
For descriptions of all fields, see Third-party element form.
Note: The TP element classification determines which scoring model is applied. You
can create additional classifications by navigating to All > Third-party Risk Management
> Third-party Elements > Classifications.
5. On the Questionnaire templates tab, select Add to assign a third-party element questionnaire
to the external assessment and then select the collection template questionnaire.
You can send the third-party element questionnaire only to third parties.
For more information on assessments, see Assessing your third-party risk.
6.After you receive responses from the third-party contact, navigate to the Risk overview tab of
the assessment.
7.In the Questionnaires and document requests section, select the collection template
questionnaire and review the responses.
8.After confirming that you received all required information, navigate to the third-party element
list by using one of the following options.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3214
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Option Description
Select the list icon and then navigate to
Third-party elements list Third-party Elements > All third-party ele­
ments.
a.Select the list icon and then navigate
to Third parties > All engagements > All
Engagement record third-party elements.
b.Select the engagement you want and then
navigate to the Engagement elements tab.
9.Create a third-party element record by selecting New and filling in the form by using the
information that was collected from each set of responses in the third-party element
questionnaire.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Third-party element form.
Note: The TP element classification determines which scoring model is applied to the
third-party element. You can create new third-party element classifications by navigating
to All > Third-party Risk Management > Third-party Elements > Classifications.
10.Select Submit.
A third-party element record is created and is available for review and assignment to
engagements.
What to do next
Close the external assessment for collecting elements and then manually add elements to the
Engagement elements tab of an engagement. After all third-party elements are assigned to an
engagement, you can start the due diligence process. For more information, see Add a third-
party element record to an engagement and Monitoring third-party elements.
Add a third-party element record to an engagement
Assign a third-party element record to an engagement by using the Third-party Risk
Management application. After you assign the element record to an engagement, the third-party
risk manager and internal stakeholders can assess it as part of the due diligence process.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor that is the due diligence request owner or
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager
About this task
You can assign third-party elements to an engagement after they’ve been reviewed and
approved by the third-party risk manager and internal stakeholders. For more information, see
Monitoring third-party elements and Create a third-party element record.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and then navigate to Third parties > All engagements.
3. Select the engagement that you want.
4.Navigate to the Engagement elements tab of the engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3215
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
