# Tracking a managed activity

*Pages 234–234*

5. Assign a third-party element to the engagement by selecting Add.
The third-party element is active and available for assessment.
Tracking a managed activity
View managed activities in the usage analytics activities table for tracking and verification
purposes in the Third-party Risk Management application.
Overview of managed activities
You can track and verify managed activities in the Usage analytics activities
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt_ua_activity] table.
An engagement only consumes one license, regardless of whether there’s one managed activity
or many managed activities per contract year. Managed activity usage is triggered only when an
activity is initiated.
Activities that are associated with a new third party going through the due diligence onboarding
workflow aren’t counted as managed activities. In this context, a new third party is defined as a
company that is not in the Company [core_company] table.
If any of the following activities aren’t related to a new third party going through the due diligence
onboarding workflow, they’re counted as managed activities:
•An Inherent risk questionnaire (IRQ) that is sent by the system has a status of Awaiting
response. For more information, see Assessing your third-party risk.
•A tiering assessment with a questionnaire that is sent by the system has a status of Awaiting
response.
•A third-party risk assessment with a questionnaire that is sent by the system has a status of
Submitted to third party. For more information, see Life cycle states of a external assessment.
•The creation of a task or issue for a third-party risk assessment. For more information,
see Create a task for a third party or engagement and Create an issue for a third party or
engagement.
If a third-party risk assessment or due diligence request is automatically created by an event-
driven management rule and later recalled, it isn’t counted as a managed activity. An assessment
that is related to an event-driven management rule can be recalled up until the time that it’s
submitted to the third party. For more information, see Event-driven management — automate
assessment processes.
Note: If an assessment isn’t related to an event-driven management rule, you can't recall it
and it’s counted as a managed activity. If an assessment is canceled, it’s still considered as
a managed activity.
Using the usage analytics activities table for verification
The usage analytics activities table stores a record every time a managed activity occurs. This
table is read only. Records that are two years or older are automatically archived. You must have
the Third-party assessment reviewer [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer] role to
view this table.
You can access the Usage analytics activities table by navigating to All > Third Party Risk
Management > Administration > Managed Activity Analytics.
The following example and table show the Usage analytics activities
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt_ua_activity] table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3216
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.