# Approving or rejecting requests for due diligence

*Pages 235–239*

Usage analytics activities table
Usage analytics activities
Field Description
Created Date and time that the activity occurred.
Activity Record that is related to the activity.
Activity type Managed activities that can be associated
with tiering assessments, internal
assessments, third-party risk assessments
(TPRA), issues, and tasks.
Applies to
•Third party: The activity applies to the
parent third-party organization.
•Engagement: The activity applies to the
engagement.
Third party Third party that is related to the activity.
Engagement Engagement that is related to the activity.
Status State of the activity:
•Tracked: The activity is logged.
•Recalled: The activity was recalled by a user
after it occurred.
Note: The calculated risk scores that are updated by assessments are managed activities.
However, they aren’t logged in the Usage analytics activities [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_ua_activity]
table. The score updates from the risk intelligence score providers aren’t managed
activities. For more information on the risk intelligence scores, see Viewing risk intelligence
scores.
Approving or rejecting requests for due diligence
Set up the approval levels and rules for due diligence requests in the Third-party Risk
Management application to use while approving or rejecting requests after reviewing
questionnaire responses and due diligence process results.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3217
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Created | Date and time that the activity occurred. |
| Activity | Record that is related to the activity. |
| Activity type | Managed activities that can be associated with tiering assessments, internal assessments, third-party risk assessments (TPRA), issues, and tasks. |
| Applies to | •Third party: The activity applies to the parent third-party organization. •Engagement: The activity applies to the engagement. |
| Third party | Third party that is related to the activity. |
| Engagement | Engagement that is related to the activity. |
| Status | State of the activity: •Tracked: The activity is logged. •Recalled: The activity was recalled by a user after it occurred. |


Approval process overview
Approval levels and rules are used to determine which team members are assigned as
approvers to the due diligence request. During the approval process, approvers review the
external questionnaire responses and supporting documents that were provided by the third-
party contact. They also consider any other information that was gathered during the due
diligence process. Approvers can approve or reject due diligence requests depending on their
interpretation of the information reviewed.
For more information on managing approvals, approval levels, and approval rules, see Approval
process management.
Note: Any multi-level approvals related to a workflow require updates to be made using
Workflow Studio. For more information on creating flows using Workflow Studio, see Create
a flow in Workflow Studio .
Setting up approval levels and rules
You must have the admin or Third-party risk (TPR) admin [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin]
role to make the approval levels and rules for due diligence requests. You can create up to
10 different approval levels that each contain different approval rules. Within each approval
level, you can assign one or more rules with different filter conditions that apply to the assigned
approvers. For example, you might want different approvers to be assigned to the due diligence
request depending on the engagement's risk rating and location.
With the Third-party due diligence default configuration, you can create three records with
approval levels 1, 2, and 3. Level 1 has three rules, level 2 has two rules, and level 3 has two rules.
The following example shows how you would assign these rules with filter conditions:
•Level 1
◦Rule 1: User A and User B are assigned to approve the engagement's low risk rating.
◦Rule 2: User C and User D are assigned to approve the engagement's medium risk rating.
◦Rule 3: User E and User F are assigned to approve the engagement's high-risk rating.
•Level 2
◦Rule 1: TPR manager is assigned to approve the engagement in Asia/Pacific.
◦Rule 2: TPR manager is assigned to approve the engagement in Europe/North America.
•Level 3
◦Rule 1: All TPR administrators are assigned to approve an engagement in a specific region
that has a high-risk rating.
◦Rule 2: All TPR administrators are assigned to approve an engagement in a specific region
that has a very high-risk rating.
During the approval process, level 1 is triggered first. If all assigned users approve the conditions
in level 1, then level 2 is triggered and so on. If any assigned user in level 1 has rejected the due
diligence request, level 2 isn't triggered and the due diligence request is rejected. For more
information on possible rating definitions, see Set up risk rating scales for scoring.
Note: You can use the Third-party due diligence default configuration included as
part of the base system or deactivate the default configuration and create an approval
configuration that applies to a different table. For more information, see Set up an approval
configuration record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3218
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| a flow in Workflow Studio |  |
| --- | --- |


For more information on setting up approval levels and rules, see Set up the approval levels for
due diligence requests and Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests.
Approving due diligence requests
The following infographic shows the approval process.
The due diligence request enters the Ready for TPRM approval state after all assessments
have been closed. The TPR manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] or TPR assessor
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] that has been assigned as the owner of the due diligence
request confirm approvers have been assigned to the due diligence request. After validating the
assigned approvers, the TPR manager or owner requests approval. The due diligence request
enters the Awaiting approval state and the system sends an email notification to all assigned
approvers.
All internal stakeholders (approvers) review the external questionnaire responses and
supporting documents that were provided by the third-party contact. You must be part of the
Third-party risk (TPR) manager user group to make approvals. Approvers perform all actions by
using Vendor Management Workspace or VRM Classic user interface. Approvers can view all of
their pending My approvals, Tasks, and Issues by navigating to the Task page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3219
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

To view the Task page in the Vendor Management Workspace, select Workspaces > Vendor
Management Workspace. Then, select the task icon .
To view your assigned approvals, select My approvals.
To view My approvals in the VRM Classic user interface, navigate to All > Self-Service > Third-
party Risk Management > Due Diligence Requests > My Approvals
From this view, you can accomplish the following tasks:
•Review the internal questionnaire responses.
Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the Due Diligence Request
(DDR) number and then selecting the Internal assessment (INA) number on the Internal
assessments tab. For more information, see IRQ process management.
•Review the risk intelligence scores.
Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the DDR number and then
selecting the Risk intelligence scores tab. For more information, see Viewing risk intelligence
scores.
•Review the external questionnaire responses and supporting documents.
Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the DDR number and then
selecting the External assessment (VRA) number on the External assessments tab. For more
information, see Third-party (external) risk assessment management.
•Access the approval request record page.
Select one of the Requested states from the list to open the approval request record page.
From this page, you can select Approve or Reject. For more information, see Approval process
management.
If the responses meet your requirements, one or more approvers approves the request, and the
owner (TPR manager or TPR assessor) closes the due diligence request and the engagement.
The third party or engagement state is now Active. If a contract is going to be prepared, an
approver, TPR manager, or owner selects Send to contract negotiator and assigns a contract
negotiator. The approved due diligence request's state is updated to the Contract Risk Process
state and the contract risk negotiator is notified through an automated email.
For more information, see Managing the contract risk process.
Rejecting due diligence requests
If an issue can't be resolved or the due diligence request is canceled, the approver can enter
comments and reject the due diligence request. To view your My approvals, navigate to the task
page, select My approvals, and then select a Requested state from the list to open the approval
request record page. From this page, you can select Reject to reject the request.
After the due diligence request is rejected, the following actions occur:
1.The due-diligence request's state is updated from Awaiting approval to Rejected.
2. You must enter an explanation for rejecting the due diligence request in the Comments field.
3. The Due diligence process state is updated to Rejected and all stakeholders are notified that
the engagement has been rejected.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3220
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: The owner can reopen the approval process by selecting the due diligence request
from the All request list. The owner is required to provide a justification for restarting the
approval process.
Set up the approval levels for due diligence requests
Assign one or more approval levels to the users or groups that approve your due diligence
requests in the Third-party Risk Management application. Because the approval levels are
applied iteratively and each level contains different rules, you can help to ensure that the correct
user or group is assigned as an approver.
Before you begin
Role required: admin or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Approval Configurator > Approval Configurations.
2. Select Third-party due diligence default configuration.
3. Create an approval level by selecting New.
A Third-party due diligence default level is included as part of the base system.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Level form
Field Description
Name Name for the approval level.
Level Stage of approval.
Note: In an approval configuration, you can’t have multiple approval levels with the
same level number. The rules of each level are applied sequentially, one after the other.
5. Select Submit.
For information on setting up rules to assign to levels, see Set up the approval rules for due
diligence requests.
For more information on approval levels and rules, see Approving or rejecting requests for due
diligence.
Related topics
Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests
Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests
Set up the rules at each approval level for your due diligence requests by selecting an approver
type and the number of approvals that you require in the Third-party Risk Management
application. You can also filter the table conditions that apply to each rule so that you can help
ensure that the correct user or group is assigned as an approver.
Before you begin
Set up the approval levels. For more information, see Set up the approval levels for due diligence
requests.
Role required: admin or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3221
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name for the approval level. |
| Level | Stage of approval. |
