# Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests

*Pages 239–239*

Note: The owner can reopen the approval process by selecting the due diligence request
from the All request list. The owner is required to provide a justification for restarting the
approval process.
Set up the approval levels for due diligence requests
Assign one or more approval levels to the users or groups that approve your due diligence
requests in the Third-party Risk Management application. Because the approval levels are
applied iteratively and each level contains different rules, you can help to ensure that the correct
user or group is assigned as an approver.
Before you begin
Role required: admin or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Approval Configurator > Approval Configurations.
2. Select Third-party due diligence default configuration.
3. Create an approval level by selecting New.
A Third-party due diligence default level is included as part of the base system.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Approval Level form
Field Description
Name Name for the approval level.
Level Stage of approval.
Note: In an approval configuration, you can’t have multiple approval levels with the
same level number. The rules of each level are applied sequentially, one after the other.
5. Select Submit.
For information on setting up rules to assign to levels, see Set up the approval rules for due
diligence requests.
For more information on approval levels and rules, see Approving or rejecting requests for due
diligence.
Related topics
Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests
Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests
Set up the rules at each approval level for your due diligence requests by selecting an approver
type and the number of approvals that you require in the Third-party Risk Management
application. You can also filter the table conditions that apply to each rule so that you can help
ensure that the correct user or group is assigned as an approver.
Before you begin
Set up the approval levels. For more information, see Set up the approval levels for due diligence
requests.
Role required: admin or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3221
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name for the approval level. |
| Level | Stage of approval. |
