# Managing the contract risk process

*Pages 240–248*

About this task
For each rule, you can select the individual approvers, approvers from the Third-party due
diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table, or dynamic approvers. Dynamic approvers refer
to individuals or groups who are assigned as approvers based on the Approver table that is
defined in the approval rule form. The approvers can be a Third-party risk (TPR) manager or TPR
administrator.
Each approval level can contain multiple approval rules. Each approval rule can be created on
the table of the approving record or any other related table of the approving table.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Approval Configurator > Approval Configurations.
2. Select an approval configuration record.
3. In the Name column of the Approval Levels section, select the approval level record that you
want.
4.In the Approval Rules section, select New.
5. On the approval rule form, specify the name of the rule.
6.Enter a brief description of the approval rule.
7.Select the source for the request.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Approval rule form.
8.Select Submit.
Related topics
Set up the approval levels for due diligence requests
Managing the contract risk process
Protect your organization's interests, as the Third-party risk contract negotiator, often the
corporate counsel, by incorporating specific contractual provisions so that you can address the
risks identified using the Third-party Risk Management application.
If a contract is being negotiated with the engagement or third party, the due diligence request
enters the Contract risk process state after all approvals have been processed. If you’re the
assigned contract negotiator, you're notified through an automated email when all the approvals
have been processed.
The following infographic shows the contract risk process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3222
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: The [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.contract_negotiator] role is required and your contract
negotiator performs all actions by using the Vendor Management Workspace or VRM
Classic user interface.
You can view all pending Due diligence requests for Negotiator, Tasks, and Issues by
navigating to the Task page.
To view the Task page, select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, and then select
the tasks icon .
To view your assigned requests, select Due diligence requests for Negotiator.
To view Due diligence requests for Negotiator in the VRM Classic user interface, select All >
Self-Service > Third-party Risk Management > Due Diligence Requests > My Requests in
Contract Process
From this view, you can accomplish the following tasks:
•Review the internal questionnaire responses.
Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the Due Diligence Request
(DDR) number. You can view the related internal questionnaire responses by selecting the
Internal assessment (INA) number on the Internal assessments tab. For more information, see
IRQ process management.
•Review the risk intelligence scores.
Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the DDR number. You can view
the related risk intelligence scores by selecting the Risk intelligence scores tab. For more
information, see Viewing risk intelligence scores.
•Review the external questionnaire responses and supporting documents.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3223
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the DDR number. View the
related external questionnaire responses and supporting documents by selecting the Third-
party risk assessment (VRA) number on the External assessments tab. For more information,
see Third-party (external) risk assessment management.
Note: To learn more about the processes in the due diligence workflow, see Due diligence
workflow for more information.
Contract Risk process (Only if the engagement is contracted)
If the engagement includes a contract, as the contract negotiator, you prepare the
contract and do the following actions:
1.Access all data that is generated during the Request, IRQ, Due Diligence, and
Approval processes to design and settle the contract and assess the following
items:
◦Initial Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ) responses and comments by the Third-
party risk assessor. For more information, see IRQ process management.
◦Risk data from the risk intelligence providers. For more information, see Viewing
risk intelligence scores.
◦Responses to third-party questionnaires and engagement questionnaires. For
more information, see Third-party (external) risk assessment management.
◦Issues and tasks for the third-party contacts that were assigned to you by the
Third-party risk manager. Assigned issues and tasks are listed on the tasks
page.
2. After the contract is fully signed by all parties (executed), attach the contract and
activate the engagement by selecting Contract executed and then complete the
following actions from the Details tab on the due diligence request record page:
a.Set the Contract start date for the engagement.
b.Set the Contract start date for the third party if not set previously.
c.Set the Contract expiration date for the engagement to the requested end
date.
d. Update the due diligence request's state from Contract risk process to
Engagement contract executed.
After the contract is executed, the Contract start date and Contract expiration date
fields are read-only and available to view from the Details tab for the third party and
engagement in the Vendor Management Workspace.
Note: After opening an assigned task, select Browse in the Attachments
section to select and add a contract. If you want the contract to appear in the
Documents related list, select Documents and on the Documents page select
New to add a new contract document or Link Documents to attach an existing
contract document. For more information about the Document Management
system, see Document Management system in Third-party Risk Management.
Follow the same process in step 2 to activate an engagement for due diligence requests,
onboard an engagement, and reassess an engagement for contract renewal.
Contract Risk process (contract is skipped)
If the engagement doesn’t require a contract, you can skip the contract by selecting
Skip contract from the Details tab on the due diligence request record page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3224
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

The following changes take place:
1.The Contract start date is changed to Engagement start date.
2. The Contract end date is changed to Engagement expiration date.
3. A required Justification field appears. Enter an explanation for skipping the
contract.
4.The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to
Contract risk process skipped.
5. After the owner closes the request, the engagement is Active.
Note: Skipping in this context is a way of intentionally not participating in the contract risk
process that was initially scheduled or expected.
The following examples show the contract start and expiration date before and after you select
the skip contract risk process.
Example of the view before selecting the skip contract risk process
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3225
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Example of the view after selecting the skip contract risk process
Note: If the third-party risk manager or owner selects the Skip contract risk process
option during the due diligence process, the assigned contract negotiator isn’t notified
and the Contract risk process state is skipped. An approver and owner can update the
Skip contract risk process selection up until the approval process is completed. For more
information about this process, see Due diligence request process management.
The following example shows the available selections and where the required justification box
appears.
Example of available selections and required justification
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3226
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Contract Risk process (Not contracted, onboarding engagement is rejected)
If an issue can't be resolved or the due diligence request is canceled, you can
reject the engagement by selecting Not contracted from the Details tab on the due
diligence request record page.
The following actions take place:
1.A required Justification field appears. You must enter an explanation for rejecting
the engagement.
2. The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to Not
contracted.
3. After the owner closes the request, the due diligence request changes from Not
contracted to Rejected.
4.All stakeholders are notified that the engagement isn’t contracted and
onboarding is rejected.
The owner can reopen the request and the due diligence request's state will update
to the Ready for TPRM approval state.
Contract Risk process (Contract terminated)
When the engagement is being offboarded and a contract is no longer required, you
can approve the termination of the contract by selecting Contract terminated. The
following actions then take place:
1.The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to
Contract terminated.
2. The Termination date is updated with the current date.
Contract Risk process (Contract not terminated)
If the engagement is being offboarded (relationship terminated) and the contract
can’t be terminated, you can reject the request by selecting Contract not
terminated from the Details tab on the due diligence request record page.
The following actions then take place:
1.A required Justification field appears. You must enter an explanation for rejecting
the request.
2. The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to
Contract not terminated.
3. After the owner closes the request, the engagement is Rejected and all
stakeholders are notified that the contract isn’t terminated.
Contract Risk process (Contract not renewed)
If the engagement is being reviewed for renewal and the contract can’t be renewed,
you can reject the engagement by selecting Contract not renewed.
The following actions then take place:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3227
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

1.A required Justification field appears. You enter an explanation for rejecting the
engagement.
2. The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to
Contract not renewed.
3. After the owner closes the request, the engagement is Rejected and all
stakeholders are notified that the contract isn’t renewed.
Contract Risk process (Request additional due diligence)
If you require additional due diligence, you can reject the engagement by selecting
Request additional due diligence from the Details tab on the due diligence request
record page.
The following actions then take place:
1.A required Justification field appears. You must enter an explanation for
requesting additional due diligence.
2. The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to Due
diligence.
3. After the owner closes the request, it’s updated to the Due diligence process
state and all stakeholders are notified that the engagement requires additional
due diligence.
4.Either you, as the contract negotiator, or the owner can reopen the assessment
and attach a new questionnaire to restart the process.
After the contract risk process is completed, the owner receives an email notification. Only the
Third-party risk manager or owner can close a due diligence request.
Note: For more information on viewing contracts associated with due diligence requests,
see Accessing DD requests that are in the contract risk process.
Accessing DD requests that are in the contract risk process
You can view the contracts associated with each engagement or third party and alongside
detailed information such as the expiration, start date, end date, and state. You can also manage
and update contract processes.
Accessing contract information
1.Select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. On the Risk tab, select the home page icon .
3. In the Third-party risk overview section, select any number in a box to open the list of third
parties or engagements with that value.
4.Select a third party or engagement name to open all tabs for the item and then select the
Documents tab.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3228
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

5. Select a Name to view detailed information.
Viewing the list of contracts
Documents tab
Column Description
Name Brief description of the purpose of the
contract.
Description A brief description about the contract.
Owner The individual who owns a document for audit
purposes.
Third party Third party with which the document is
associated.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3229
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Column | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Brief description of the purpose of the contract. |
| Description | A brief description about the contract. |
| Owner | The individual who owns a document for audit purposes. |


Documents tab (continued)
Column Description
When a third party is provided, sharing
permissions are enabled automatically in
TPRM.
This field is required only if the document is
associated with a third party. For example,
internal documents may not need to be
associated with a specific third party.
Note: When a document is created by
a third-party contact in the third-party
portal, this field is auto filled and sharing
permissions are enabled.
Default version The document version that is used for
document download. By default, the latest
version is the default version.
This field is not available in the third-party
portal.
Actions on the documents page
Actions
Action Description
New Select New to create a contract.
Save Select Save to save any change you made to a
value on any tab.
Remove Select Remove to delete the record of the
contract.
Link Documents Select Link Documents to link existing
document records.
Adding an attachment
Select Browse in the Attachments section to
select and add an attachment.
Managing contract processes
Viewing basic information about a contract on the Details tab
From the details tab you can view and adjust contract information. You can also
attach files.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3230
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Column | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | When a third party is provided, sharing permissions are enabled automatically in TPRM. This field is required only if the document is associated with a third party. For example, internal documents may not need to be associated with a specific third party. Note: When a document is created by a third-party contact in the third-party portal, this field is auto filled and sharing permissions are enabled. |
| Default version | The document version that is used for document download. By default, the latest version is the default version. This field is not available in the third-party portal. |



| Action | Description |
| --- | --- |
| New | Select New to create a contract. |
| Save | Select Save to save any change you made to a value on any tab. |
| Remove | Select Remove to delete the record of the contract. |
| Link Documents | Select Link Documents to link existing document records. |
| Adding an attachment | Select Browse in the Attachments section to select and add an attachment. |
