# Accessing DD requests that are in the contract risk process

*Pages 246–248*

1.A required Justification field appears. You enter an explanation for rejecting the
engagement.
2. The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to
Contract not renewed.
3. After the owner closes the request, the engagement is Rejected and all
stakeholders are notified that the contract isn’t renewed.
Contract Risk process (Request additional due diligence)
If you require additional due diligence, you can reject the engagement by selecting
Request additional due diligence from the Details tab on the due diligence request
record page.
The following actions then take place:
1.A required Justification field appears. You must enter an explanation for
requesting additional due diligence.
2. The due diligence request's state is updated from Contract risk process to Due
diligence.
3. After the owner closes the request, it’s updated to the Due diligence process
state and all stakeholders are notified that the engagement requires additional
due diligence.
4.Either you, as the contract negotiator, or the owner can reopen the assessment
and attach a new questionnaire to restart the process.
After the contract risk process is completed, the owner receives an email notification. Only the
Third-party risk manager or owner can close a due diligence request.
Note: For more information on viewing contracts associated with due diligence requests,
see Accessing DD requests that are in the contract risk process.
Accessing DD requests that are in the contract risk process
You can view the contracts associated with each engagement or third party and alongside
detailed information such as the expiration, start date, end date, and state. You can also manage
and update contract processes.
Accessing contract information
1.Select Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. On the Risk tab, select the home page icon .
3. In the Third-party risk overview section, select any number in a box to open the list of third
parties or engagements with that value.
4.Select a third party or engagement name to open all tabs for the item and then select the
Documents tab.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3228
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

5. Select a Name to view detailed information.
Viewing the list of contracts
Documents tab
Column Description
Name Brief description of the purpose of the
contract.
Description A brief description about the contract.
Owner The individual who owns a document for audit
purposes.
Third party Third party with which the document is
associated.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3229
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Column | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Brief description of the purpose of the contract. |
| Description | A brief description about the contract. |
| Owner | The individual who owns a document for audit purposes. |


Documents tab (continued)
Column Description
When a third party is provided, sharing
permissions are enabled automatically in
TPRM.
This field is required only if the document is
associated with a third party. For example,
internal documents may not need to be
associated with a specific third party.
Note: When a document is created by
a third-party contact in the third-party
portal, this field is auto filled and sharing
permissions are enabled.
Default version The document version that is used for
document download. By default, the latest
version is the default version.
This field is not available in the third-party
portal.
Actions on the documents page
Actions
Action Description
New Select New to create a contract.
Save Select Save to save any change you made to a
value on any tab.
Remove Select Remove to delete the record of the
contract.
Link Documents Select Link Documents to link existing
document records.
Adding an attachment
Select Browse in the Attachments section to
select and add an attachment.
Managing contract processes
Viewing basic information about a contract on the Details tab
From the details tab you can view and adjust contract information. You can also
attach files.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3230
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Column | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | When a third party is provided, sharing permissions are enabled automatically in TPRM. This field is required only if the document is associated with a third party. For example, internal documents may not need to be associated with a specific third party. Note: When a document is created by a third-party contact in the third-party portal, this field is auto filled and sharing permissions are enabled. |
| Default version | The document version that is used for document download. By default, the latest version is the default version. This field is not available in the third-party portal. |



| Action | Description |
| --- | --- |
| New | Select New to create a contract. |
| Save | Select Save to save any change you made to a value on any tab. |
| Remove | Select Remove to delete the record of the contract. |
| Link Documents | Select Link Documents to link existing document records. |
| Adding an attachment | Select Browse in the Attachments section to select and add an attachment. |
