# Configure Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM)

*Pages 255–257*

Supported user interfaces
The Now Assist for TPRM application skills TPRM Issue Summarization and TPRM Issue
Recommendation can be accessed in the Vendor Management Workspace and Core UI. Issue
recommendations are available only for Smart Assessment Engine questionnaires.
Application information
Activate the Now Assist for TPRM (sn_tprm_gen_ai) store app.
Configure Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM)
If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management
(TPRM) application so that agents can use the generative AI capabilities in Vendor Management
Workspace and Core UI.
Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) configuration overview
Important: After installing Now Assist for TPRM, all Now Assist for TPRM skills are
activated by default.
Use the Now Assist Admin console to configure Now Assist for TPRM. This console contains
everything that you need to install plugins and configure the generative AI skills. For additional
information, see Overview tab in Now Assist Admin .
For earlier versions, go to Application Manager to upgrade it to a later version.
Note: Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features,
generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see
ServiceNow product tiers .
For information about configuring generative AI skills and prompts, see Configuring Now Assist
Admin features .
Install the Now Assist for TPRM (sn_tprm_gen_ai) application.
For information about the installation process, see Install Now Assist plugins .
Note: For more information on Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) and Retention
policies, see Indexed sources in AI Search and User data usage policy for Now Assist .
Activate the TPRM issue summarization skill
Activate the TPRM summarization skill from Now Assist for TPRM to generate a brief summary of
a TPRM issue by selecting the specific fields that you would like included in the summary.
Before you begin
Install the Now Assist for TPRM plugin (sn_tprm_gen_ai).
Role required: admin
About this task
Important: After installing Now Assist for TPRM, all Now Assist for TPRM skills are
activated by default.
By default, a TPRM issue in the Third-party Risk Management application shows the options to
create a summary in any state. After you generate the summary, you can choose to share the
summary and populate the Work notes of the TPRM issue. Adding the summary to the work notes
helps the risk analyst to get a quick glance at the latest summary version.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3237
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| ServiceNow product tiers |  |
| --- | --- |



| Indexed sources in AI Search |  |
| --- | --- |



| User data usage policy for Now Assist |  |
| --- | --- |


Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Admin Center > Now Assist Admin.
2. Navigate to the Now Assist Skills tab and select Technology > Risk & Sustainability.
3. Under the TPRM issue summarization skill, select Activate skill.
4.View the skill in all Risk & Sustainability products by selecting Select display and then toggling
the Display button.
The skill can be displayed in the Vendor Management Workspace and the workspaces of other
Now Assist Risk & Sustainability products when they are installed.
5. Optional: Review and confirm that the summarization skill meets your requirements.
a.Review the data that the LLM considers while creating the summary, such as the Base table
and Input templates used to collect data by selecting Choose input.
(Optional) The Base table and Input templates define how data is structured and transmitted
to a large language model (LLM) for generating responses as part of the TPRM issue
summarization skill. These fields are read-only.
b.Select Define availability review or update the conditions when the skill becomes available.
i. Ensure that the skill isn’t dependent on any condition and is always available by selecting
Skill is always available.
ii.Make the skill available only when certain conditions are met, such as the TPRM issue
being in the New state by selecting Customize skill availability and build the conditions
using the condition builder.
c.Update the definitions for user roles that can access the skill by selecting Define access.
Note:
You can perform the following actions on Now Assist skills if you have the
sn_generative_ai.nsa_admin role:
▪Edit a Now Assist skill .
▪Troubleshoot a Now Assist skill .
6.Select Save and continue.
7.View the details of the skill by selecting Review and activate.
8.Select Activate and then select Risk & Sustainability.
Activate TPRM issue recommendation skill
Activate the TPRM issue recommendation skill from Now Assist for TPRM to generate
recommendations for TPRM issues.
Before you begin
Install the Now Assist for TPRM plugin (sn_tprm_gen_ai).
Role required: admin
About this task
Important: After installing Now Assist for TPRM, all Now Assist for TPRM skills are
activated by default.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3238
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

The recommendation skill helps third-party risk assessors quickly identify issues by generating
AI-driven suggestions based on the content of assessment responses. Recommendations
simplify the process of associating issues and creating tasks, and are accessible when an
external assessment questionnaire has received responses.
To generate meaningful recommendations, data must be available from completed prior
assessments and previously created issues. The recommendation skill uses these historical
issues, along with their associated questions and responses, as reference data. After
recommendations are generated, you can accept or dismiss them individually. For more
information, see Generate issue recommendations for TPRM.
Note: If you want generated issues to be created using historical data for
individual third party, you need to navigate to All > System Properties > All select
sn_tprm_genai.same_vendor_required and set the property to true.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Admin Center > Now Assist Admin.
2. Navigate to the Now Assist Skills tab and select Technology > Risk & Sustainability.
3. Select the TPRM Issue recommendation skill and then select Activate skill.
4.View the skill in the Now Assist context menu by selecting Select display and then toggling the
Display button.
This skill is now available to be used in the Vendor Management Workspace.
5. Select Save and continue.
6.Optional: Review and confirm that the recommendation skill meets your requirements.
a.Select Define access to review or update the conditions when the skill is accessible to
users.
User access - Access Control List (ACL)
Field Description
Decision type Allow if
Roles sn_tprm_genai.nowassist_user
Role restrictions to skill
Field Description
Roles
(Optional) sn_tprm_genai.nowassist_user
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer
7.Select Save and continue.
8.Select Review and activate to view a setup summary for the skill.
This includes a description of the skill, accessibility of the skill, and display option of the skill.
9.Select Activate.
The TPRM issue recommendations skill is activated.
10.Select Return to Risk & Sustainability to return to the page listing all risk and sustainability-
related skills or close the dialog box to remain on the same page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3239
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Decision type |  |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
