# Create a document version

*Pages 268–268*

Create New Documents (continued)
Field Description
•Public
•Restricted
•Confidential
•Internal
State The state the document is in: Draft, Submit,
Review, or Complete.
Description A brief description about the document.
Create a document version
Use the document management system to version documents in Third-Party Risk Management
(TPRM).
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
A document can have many versions. You can view these versions as a related list within the
document record.
The term "document" refers to the container record that holds document information such as
its name, description, type and other metadata. While the document record doesn’t contain the
actual document file, it does contain versions in the record, which you can open, update, and
track.
Use the attachment icon to add documents to a record.
Alternatively, you can provide the link to a document in the URL field. You then access the actual
documents by selecting the versions in the related list.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon ) and then
navigate to All Documents.
2. Select the document record that you want and then the Versions tab.
3. Select New to add a version.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
Create New Documents
Field Description
Document Name of the document.
File type File type of the document.
You can attach a file or include a URL.
Version State The state the document is in: Draft, Submit,
Review, or Complete.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3250
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Public •Restricted •Confidential •Internal |
| State | The state the document is in: Draft, Submit, Review, or Complete. |
| Description | A brief description about the document. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Document | Name of the document. |
| File type | File type of the document. You can attach a file or include a URL. |
