# Create a branch and enhance digital resilience data

*Pages 284–285*

Create New Legal entity form (continued)
Field Description
Has the financial entity been deleted in the
information register? Information of the legal entity such as whether
the financial entity been deleted in the
information register. Available options are:
•Yes: Displays the Date of deletion in the
register of information field.
•No: If the financial entity has been deleted
in the information register, the date is auto-
filled in the following field: Date of deletion
in the register of information.
Currency Code of currency used in preparing the
financial entity's financial statements.
Value of total assets - of the financial entity Monetary value of the total assets of the entity
using the ICT services, as per the previous
year's financial statement.
Create a branch and enhance digital resilience data
Create a branch record in Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-party Risk
Management. You can then enhance its digital resilience information for compliance with DORA
regulation.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
A legal entity can operate multiple branches across various cities or countries, all of which can
be documented on the form. If a new branch is launched, its information is also required for
regulatory reporting.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then
navigate to Digital resilience third-party registers.
2. Select Branches and then create a branch by selecting New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Create New Branch form.
Users typically fill in the following details of the branch:
◦Branch name and its description
◦Owner's details
◦Tagging of business units and departments for reporting purpose
◦Specifying the branch as a head office or as a different branch other than the head office
◦ID of the branch and its originating country
The number for the branch is auto-generated. Once the branch details are complete, the
information is ready to be captured in the information register.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3266
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Has the financial entity been deleted in the information register? | Information of the legal entity such as whether the financial entity been deleted in the information register. Available options are: •Yes: Displays the Date of deletion in the register of information field. •No: If the financial entity has been deleted in the information register, the date is auto- filled in the following field: Date of deletion in the register of information. |
| Currency | Code of currency used in preparing the financial entity's financial statements. |
| Value of total assets - of the financial entity | Monetary value of the total assets of the entity using the ICT services, as per the previous year's financial statement. |


Note: When you enter or update an LEI code field on the branch form, the system
validates it against the GLEIF database and auto-populates the name and country fields.
If you then edit the name or country to a value that no longer matches GLEIF data, an
inline warning is displayed on the edited field. You can still save the record. For more
information, see Validate Legal Entity Identifier codes for DORA reporting.
4.Select Save.
5. To edit a Legal entity record, navigate to the legal entity tab of a company record, select the
legal entity you want and select Save after making your edits.
6.To edit the branch record, select it from the list and select Save after making your edits.
7.To export the branch records, select Export.
What to do next
Specify the functions that are associated with a branch. For more information, see Create a
function and enhance digital resilience data.
Create New Branch form
On the Create New Branch form, fill in the fields.
Create New Branch form
Field Description
SysID Unique 32-character GUID (Globally Unique
ID) that identifies each branch record in an
instance. Provide this value if you want to
update an existing record. Provide a value
of -1 if you want to create a new record in the
system.
Name Name of the branch.
Description Description for the branch.
Number Unique identification number for the branch
that will be generated by the application, for
example, BRN0001005. This field is auto-filled.
Department Department that the branch belongs to,
for example, Customer Support, Product
Management.
Owner Name of the owner of the branch.
Business unit Name of the business unit that is associated
with the branch, for example, HR, IT, Legal.
Digital resilience information
Is Branch different from Financial Entity head Option to confirm if the branch is different from
office of the branch the head office. Available options are:
•Yes: When you select the Yes option, the
Identification code type and Identification
code of the branch fields are displayed.
•No
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3267
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| SysID | Unique 32-character GUID (Globally Unique ID) that identifies each branch record in an instance. Provide this value if you want to update an existing record. Provide a value of -1 if you want to create a new record in the system. |
| Name | Name of the branch. |
| Description | Description for the branch. |
| Number | Unique identification number for the branch that will be generated by the application, for example, BRN0001005. This field is auto-filled. |
| Department | Department that the branch belongs to, for example, Customer Support, Product Management. |
| Owner | Name of the owner of the branch. |
| Business unit | Name of the business unit that is associated with the branch, for example, HR, IT, Legal. |
| Digital resilience information |  |
| Is Branch different from Financial Entity head office of the branch | Option to confirm if the branch is different from the head office. Available options are: •Yes: When you select the Yes option, the Identification code type and Identification code of the branch fields are displayed. •No |
