# Create a function and enhance digital resilience data

*Pages 286–289*

Create New Branch form (continued)
Field Description
Identification code type Type of identification code used for the
branch. Available options are:
•LEI
•Other
Identification code of the branch An overseas branch of the financial entity,
uniquely identified by a specific code, for
example, FB97521. The financial entity uses
the branch's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) or
another identification code to distinguish it.
LEI of the financial entity head office of the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the head office
branch of the financial entity to which the branch
belongs, for example, LEIACMEGermany001
or LEIACMEAmericas001.
Note: When you enter or update this
field, the system validates the code
against the GLEIF database and auto-
populates the Name of the branch and
Country of the branch fields. If you then
edit those fields to values that no longer
match GLEIF data, an inline warning is
displayed on the edited field. For more
information, see Validate Legal Entity
Identifier codes for DORA reporting.
Name of the branch Name of the branch that is used for
identification. When the LEI of the financial
entity head office of the branch is entered,
this field is auto-filled, for example, Frankfurt
branch office.
Country of the branch Two-letter country code where the branch is
located. When the LEI of the financial entity
head office of the branch is entered, this field
is auto-filled, for example, Germany.
Create a function and enhance digital resilience data
Create a function record in Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-party Risk
Management where you can configure details of the function such as function identifier, license
activity, function name, criticality, or importance assessment details. You can then enhance its
digital resilience information for compliance with DORA regulation.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
A legal entity can have multiple branches and across these branches, different functions
operate. Thus, the legal entities, branches, and functions are the users of the ICT service that is
outsourced.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3268
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Identification code type | Type of identification code used for the branch. Available options are: •LEI •Other |
| Identification code of the branch | An overseas branch of the financial entity, uniquely identified by a specific code, for example, FB97521. The financial entity uses the branch's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) or another identification code to distinguish it. |
| LEI of the financial entity head office of the branch | Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the head office of the financial entity to which the branch belongs, for example, LEIACMEGermany001 or LEIACMEAmericas001. Note: When you enter or update this field, the system validates the code against the GLEIF database and auto- populates the Name of the branch and Country of the branch fields. If you then edit those fields to values that no longer match GLEIF data, an inline warning is displayed on the edited field. For more information, see Validate Legal Entity Identifier codes for DORA reporting. |
| Name of the branch | Name of the branch that is used for identification. When the LEI of the financial entity head office of the branch is entered, this field is auto-filled, for example, Frankfurt branch office. |
| Country of the branch | Two-letter country code where the branch is located. When the LEI of the financial entity head office of the branch is entered, this field is auto-filled, for example, Germany. |


A function can be a service, a service offering, or a process.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then
navigate to Digital resilience third-party registers.
2. Select Functions and then create a function by selecting New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Create New Function form.
4.Select Save.
An organization can have various functions, each representing a specific service, service
offerings, or group of services and their service offerings, as defined by the Digital Operational
Resilience Act (DORA). You can select and view these functions. The functions form is
designed to capture the detailed information about each function.
You can also add descriptive text on the form. Once completed, you have captured details
about the third-party provided Information and Communication Technology ICT service usage.
5. To edit the function record, select it from the list and select Save after making your edits.
6.To export function records, select Export.
Create New Function form
On the Create New Function form, fill in the fields.
Create New Function form
Field Description
Name Name of the function, for example, Financial
Accounting.
Description Description for the function.
Number Unique identification number for the function
that will be generated by the application, for
example, FUN0001003. This field is auto-filled.
Department Department that the function belongs to, for
example, Finance.
Owner Name of the owner for the function.
Business unit Name of the business unit that is associated
with the function, for example, HR, IT, Legal.
Digital resilience information
Function Identifier Function identifier that is composed by
the letter F (capital letter) followed by a
natural number (for example, “F1” for the 1st
function identifier and “Fn” for the nth function
identifier with “n” being a natural number). For
example, when you create newer functions, it
will be F1, F2, F3, and so on. This field is auto-
filled.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3269
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the function, for example, Financial Accounting. |
| Description | Description for the function. |
| Number | Unique identification number for the function that will be generated by the application, for example, FUN0001003. This field is auto-filled. |
| Department | Department that the function belongs to, for example, Finance. |
| Owner | Name of the owner for the function. |
| Business unit | Name of the business unit that is associated with the function, for example, HR, IT, Legal. |
| Digital resilience information |  |


Create New Function form (continued)
Field Description
Licensed activity
Licensed activity that is referred to in Annex
II for different type of financial entities. List
of activities that the function is related to.
Licensed activity is a particular drop-down list
that's been provided by the user and the set of
values that are required by the regulator.
Function name Function name according to the financial
entity’s internal organization, for example,
Financial Accounting.
LEI of the financial entity Financial entity using the LEI, 20-character,
alpha-numeric code, for example,
LEIACMEGermany001.
Function Type Type of the function.
Available options are:
•Business capability
•Business service
•Business process
•Service offering
•Is an independent object
When you select the Business capability
option the Select the business capability field
is displayed.
When you select the Business service,
Business process, or Service offering
options, the following fields are displayed:
•Select the business service
•Select the business process
•Select the service offering
Criticality or importance assessment Criticality or importance of the function
according to the financial entity’s assessment.
Available options are:
•Yes
•No
•Assessment not performed
Reasons for criticality or importance Brief explanation on the reasons to classify the
function as critical or important. Maximum 300
characters are allowed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3270
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Licensed activity | Licensed activity that is referred to in Annex II for different type of financial entities. List of activities that the function is related to. Licensed activity is a particular drop-down list that's been provided by the user and the set of values that are required by the regulator. |
| Function name | Function name according to the financial entity’s internal organization, for example, Financial Accounting. |
| LEI of the financial entity | Financial entity using the LEI, 20-character, alpha-numeric code, for example, LEIACMEGermany001. |
| Function Type | Type of the function. Available options are: •Business capability •Business service •Business process •Service offering •Is an independent object When you select the Business capability option the Select the business capability field is displayed. When you select the Business service, Business process, or Service offering options, the following fields are displayed: •Select the business service •Select the business process •Select the service offering |
| Criticality or importance assessment | Criticality or importance of the function according to the financial entity’s assessment. Available options are: •Yes •No •Assessment not performed |


Create New Function form (continued)
Field Description
Date of the last assessment of criticality or
importance Date of the last assessment of criticality or
importance in case the function is supported
by ICT services provided by ICT third-party
service providers.
If you have Operational Resilience, this
information is auto -populated. If you do not
have Operational Resilience and you are using
the application with TPRM, you must fill in this
information manually.
If the function is service-related and you have
Operational Resilience, and you've completed
an importance and impact assessment,
the default values are copied from that
assessment.
Recovery time objective of the function
Recovery time objective of the function in
number of hours. If the recovery time objective
is less than 1 hour, ‘1’ is reported. In case the
recovery time objective of the function is not
defined, ‘0’ is reported.
If a Business Impact Analysis (BIA) has been
conducted for the business process, service,
or service offering, and Business Continuity
Management (BCM) is also set up in the same
instance, then the values are copied from the
relevant BIA for this function.
Recovery point objective of the function
Recovery point objective of the function
in number of hours. If the recovery point
objective is less than 1 hour, ‘1’ is reported.
In case the recovery point objective of the
function is not defined, ‘0’ is reported.
If a Business Impact Analysis (BIA) has been
conducted for the business process, service,
or service offering, and Business Continuity
Management (BCM) is also set up in the same
instance, then the values are copied from the
relevant BIA for this function.
Impact of discontinuing the function Impact of discontinuing the function according
to the financial entity’s assessment. One of the
options in the corresponding drop-down list is
used. Available options are:
•Low
•Medium
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3271
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Date of the last assessment of criticality or importance | Date of the last assessment of criticality or importance in case the function is supported by ICT services provided by ICT third-party service providers. If you have Operational Resilience, this information is auto -populated. If you do not have Operational Resilience and you are using the application with TPRM, you must fill in this information manually. If the function is service-related and you have Operational Resilience, and you've completed an importance and impact assessment, the default values are copied from that assessment. |
| Recovery time objective of the function | Recovery time objective of the function in number of hours. If the recovery time objective is less than 1 hour, ‘1’ is reported. In case the recovery time objective of the function is not defined, ‘0’ is reported. If a Business Impact Analysis (BIA) has been conducted for the business process, service, or service offering, and Business Continuity Management (BCM) is also set up in the same instance, then the values are copied from the relevant BIA for this function. |
| Recovery point objective of the function | Recovery point objective of the function in number of hours. If the recovery point objective is less than 1 hour, ‘1’ is reported. In case the recovery point objective of the function is not defined, ‘0’ is reported. If a Business Impact Analysis (BIA) has been conducted for the business process, service, or service offering, and Business Continuity Management (BCM) is also set up in the same instance, then the values are copied from the relevant BIA for this function. |
