# Create a third-party engagement and enhance digital resilience data

*Pages 294–298*

Create New ICT third-party service provider form (continued)
Field Description
Note: Provider level annual expense
totals may be automatically aggregated
during report generation when all
contracts meet the required criteria.
For more information, see Currency
conversion and third-party total expense
aggregation.
Is the third party the ultimate third party? Option to confirm whether the third party is the
ultimate third party.
Available options are:
•Yes
•No
Identification code of the ICT service Identification code of the ICT service
provider’s ultimate parent undertaking provider’s ultimate parent.
Type of code to identify the ICT service Type of code that is used to identify the ICT
provider’s ultimate parent service provider’s ultimate parent.
Available options are:
•LEI
•EUID
•Country Code_CRN: Company Registration
Number
•Country Code_VAT: Value-added Tax
Identification number
•Country Code_PNR: Passenger Name
Record
•Country Code_NIN: National Identification
Number
Create a third-party engagement and enhance digital resilience data
Create a third-party engagement record in Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-
party Risk Management. Add details of the third-party engagement such as the name of the
third party, its type, annual spend, engagement tier. You can then enhance its digital resilience
information for compliance with DORA regulation.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
By selecting the Third-party engagements menu item within the Digital resilience third-party
registers from the Vendor Management Workspace, you can access and view the existing third-
party engagements in the system.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3276
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: Provider level annual expense totals may be automatically aggregated during report generation when all contracts meet the required criteria. For more information, see Currency conversion and third-party total expense aggregation. |
| Is the third party the ultimate third party? | Option to confirm whether the third party is the ultimate third party. Available options are: •Yes •No |
| Identification code of the ICT service provider’s ultimate parent undertaking | Identification code of the ICT service provider’s ultimate parent. |
| Type of code to identify the ICT service provider’s ultimate parent | Type of code that is used to identify the ICT service provider’s ultimate parent. Available options are: •LEI •EUID •Country Code_CRN: Company Registration Number •Country Code_VAT: Value-added Tax Identification number •Country Code_PNR: Passenger Name Record •Country Code_NIN: National Identification Number |


The Digital resilience information tab is also available for the Third-party engagement module,
enabling you to report on third-party engagements at a more detailed, granular level.
After installing the Digital resilience third-party registers, the Digital resilience information tab
is added for third-party engagements. You can open this tab and set up the digital resilience
information details.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then
navigate to Digital resilience third-party registers.
2. Select Third-party engagements and then create a third-party engagement by selecting New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Create New Third-party engagement form.
4.Select Save.
5. Add digital resilience information.
For more information, see Add Digital resilience information to third-party engagements.
Note: When you enter or update an LEI identification code (when Type of code is set
to LEI) in the digital resilience information, the system validates it against the GLEIF
database and auto-populates the name and country fields. If you then edit the name or
country to a value that no longer matches GLEIF data, an inline warning is displayed on
the edited field. You can still save the record. For more information, see Validate Legal
Entity Identifier codes for DORA reporting.
6.To edit the third-party engagement records, select it from the list and select Save after making
your edits.
7.To export the third-party engagement record, select Export.
Create New Third-party engagement form
Use the create new third-party engagement form to capture all the information that you need to
create a third-party engagement record in Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-party
Risk Management. As a third-party risk assessor you can create a third-party engagement record.
Create New Third-party engagement form
Field Description
Name Unique name for the engagement. Ideally,
mention the product or service that is the
subject of the engagement.
Third party The third party for whom you are creating this
engagement record.
Type Type of product or service to be provided by
the engagement organization.
Start date Enter start and end dates to define how long
the engagement is valid.
End date Preferred dates for the beginning and end of
interactions with the third party.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3277
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name for the engagement. Ideally, mention the product or service that is the subject of the engagement. |
| Third party | The third party for whom you are creating this engagement record. |
| Type | Type of product or service to be provided by the engagement organization. |
| Start date | Enter start and end dates to define how long the engagement is valid. |


Create New Third-party engagement form (continued)
Field Description
Status
Select the current status of the engagement.
Available options are:
•Active
•Onboarding
•Prospect
•Active unauthorized
•Terminated
•Onboarding rejected
Risk rating Displays the risk rating assigned to the
engagement after an assessment has been
performed.
Engagement tier The tier used for this engagement.
Annual spend The annual monetary spend associated with
this engagement's services.
Engagement manager Specify the person who will monitor,
prioritize, and act on responses to external
questionnaires, issues, and tasks. Select the
lock to lock/unlock the field.
Business owner Specify the person who is familiar with the
engagement organization and the product or
services that will be engaged. Select the lock
to lock/unlock the field.
Notes Enter text that describes the engagement to
other users.
Third-party engagement: Contact
Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code,
Country, Phone, Fax Standard contact information for the
engagement organization.
Latitude and Longitude
The Latitude and Longitude values are used
to mark the location on the Risk concentration
map. See TPRM Risk concentration map.
Risk ratings
Computed risk rating
Calculated Computed risk rating. This field is
auto-filled.
The value is overall risk rating for the third
party, calculated after the assessment by
rolling up all of the TPR assessors' risk ratings.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3278
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Status | Select the current status of the engagement. Available options are: •Active •Onboarding •Prospect •Active unauthorized •Terminated •Onboarding rejected |
| Risk rating | Displays the risk rating assigned to the engagement after an assessment has been performed. |
| Engagement tier | The tier used for this engagement. |
| Annual spend | The annual monetary spend associated with this engagement's services. |
| Engagement manager | Specify the person who will monitor, prioritize, and act on responses to external questionnaires, issues, and tasks. Select the lock to lock/unlock the field. |
| Business owner | Specify the person who is familiar with the engagement organization and the product or services that will be engaged. Select the lock to lock/unlock the field. |
| Notes | Enter text that describes the engagement to other users. |
| Third-party engagement: Contact |  |
| Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country, Phone, Fax | Standard contact information for the engagement organization. |
| Latitude and Longitude | The Latitude and Longitude values are used to mark the location on the Risk concentration map. See TPRM Risk concentration map. |
| Risk ratings |  |


Create New Third-party engagement form (continued)
Field Description
Override risk rating
Option to override the computed rating.
If you select the check box, then specify the
following values:
•Overridden risk rating: Select the new risk
rating.
•Overridden on: Date that overridden risk
rating or justification is updated.
•Justification: Enter the reason for overriding
the value.
Overridden risk rating Rating that has been manually changed by a
user, overriding the rating that was calculated
by a system. Available options are:
•1 - Very High
•2 - High
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Very Low
Overridden on Date that overridden risk rating or justification
is updated.
Justification Reason for overriding the value.
Assessment risk rating Risk rating for the assessment. This field is
auto-filled.
Engagement risk rating Risk rating for the engagement. This field is
auto-filled.
Subsidiary risk rating Risk rating for the subsidiary. This field is auto-
filled.
Risk intelligence rating Score that corresponds to the likelihood and
consequence of a risk event. This field is auto-
filled.
Related lists on the form
Engagement contacts Engagement contacts for the third-party
engagement.
Business services Business services related to the third-party
engagement.
Tiering assessments Tiering assessments for the third-party
engagement.
Repeating assessments Repeating assessments for the third-party
engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3279
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Override risk rating | Option to override the computed rating. If you select the check box, then specify the following values: •Overridden risk rating: Select the new risk rating. •Overridden on: Date that overridden risk rating or justification is updated. •Justification: Enter the reason for overriding the value. |
| Overridden risk rating | Rating that has been manually changed by a user, overriding the rating that was calculated by a system. Available options are: •1 - Very High •2 - High •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Very Low |
| Overridden on | Date that overridden risk rating or justification is updated. |
| Justification | Reason for overriding the value. |
| Assessment risk rating | Risk rating for the assessment. This field is auto-filled. |
| Engagement risk rating | Risk rating for the engagement. This field is auto-filled. |
| Subsidiary risk rating | Risk rating for the subsidiary. This field is auto- filled. |
| Risk intelligence rating | Score that corresponds to the likelihood and consequence of a risk event. This field is auto- filled. |
| Related lists on the form |  |
| Engagement contacts | Engagement contacts for the third-party engagement. |
| Business services | Business services related to the third-party engagement. |
| Tiering assessments | Tiering assessments for the third-party engagement. |


Create New Third-party engagement form (continued)
Field Description
Note: You can create repeating
assessments if you are using the classic
assessment engine. You can configure
rules that auto-generate and send
questionnaires and doc requests to
engagements and third parties using
the Event-driven management feature
if you are using the Smart Assessment
Engine. For more information, see
Configure a risk assessment to recur on a
schedule and Event-driven management
— automate assessment processes.
Assessments Assessments for the third-party engagement.
Third-party risk areas Risk areas related to the third-party
engagement.
Issues Issues related to the third-party engagement.
Tasks Tasks related to the third-party engagement.
Entity types Entity types related to the third-party
engagement.
Digital resilience information Digital resilience information for the third-
party engagement. You can add the following
parameters:
•Name
•Third party
•Identification code of ICT third-party service
provider
•Type of code to identify the ICT third-party
service provider
•Name of the ICT third-party service provider
Note: When the Type of code is set
to LEI and you enter or update the
identification code, the system validates
it against the GLEIF database and
auto-populates the Legal name and
Country of headquarters fields. For more
information, see Validate Legal Entity
Identifier codes for DORA reporting.
Add Digital resilience information to third-party engagements
Add Digital resilience information to third-party engagements by creating ICT third-party service
provider records in Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-party Risk Management.
Add details such as name of the service provider, its identification code, type of ICT services,
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3280
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: You can create repeating assessments if you are using the classic assessment engine. You can configure rules that auto-generate and send questionnaires and doc requests to engagements and third parties using the Event-driven management feature if you are using the Smart Assessment Engine. For more information, see Configure a risk assessment to recur on a schedule and Event-driven management — automate assessment processes. |
| Assessments | Assessments for the third-party engagement. |
| Third-party risk areas | Risk areas related to the third-party engagement. |
| Issues | Issues related to the third-party engagement. |
| Tasks | Tasks related to the third-party engagement. |
| Entity types | Entity types related to the third-party engagement. |
| Digital resilience information | Digital resilience information for the third- party engagement. You can add the following parameters: •Name •Third party •Identification code of ICT third-party service provider •Type of code to identify the ICT third-party service provider •Name of the ICT third-party service provider Note: When the Type of code is set to LEI and you enter or update the identification code, the system validates it against the GLEIF database and auto-populates the Legal name and Country of headquarters fields. For more information, see Validate Legal Entity Identifier codes for DORA reporting. |



| Configure a risk assessment to recur on a |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| schedule | and | Event-driven management |
| — automate assessment processes |  |  |
