# Create a supply chain and enhance digital resilience data

*Pages 310–311*

Create New Contractual arrangement form (continued)
Field Description
•Yes
•No
Date of the last audit on the ICT third-party Date when the last audit was performed.
service provider
Existence of an exit plan Availability of an exit plan. The following
options are available:
•Yes
•No
Possibility of reintegration of the contracted Choice to verify the feasibility of
ICT service reincorporating the contracted ICT service.
Available options are:
•Easy
•Difficult
•Highly complex
Impact of discontinuing the ICT services Choice to specify the impact of discontinuing
the ICT services. Available options are:
•Low
•Medium
•High
•Assessment not performed
Are there alternative ICT third-party service Choice to indicate if any other ICT third-
providers identified? party service providers have been identified.
Available options are:
•Yes
•No
•Assessment not performed
If you select the check box, then specify
the following field value: Identification of
alternative ICT TPP.
Identification of alternative ICT TPP Supplementary details on the identification of
alternative ICT third-party providers (TPP).
Create a supply chain and enhance digital resilience data
Create an Information and Communication Technology (ICT) service supply chain record
in Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-party Risk Management. You can then
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3292
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Yes •No |
| Date of the last audit on the ICT third-party service provider | Date when the last audit was performed. |
| Existence of an exit plan | Availability of an exit plan. The following options are available: •Yes •No |
| Possibility of reintegration of the contracted ICT service | Choice to verify the feasibility of reincorporating the contracted ICT service. Available options are: •Easy •Difficult •Highly complex |
| Impact of discontinuing the ICT services | Choice to specify the impact of discontinuing the ICT services. Available options are: •Low •Medium •High •Assessment not performed |
| Are there alternative ICT third-party service providers identified? | Choice to indicate if any other ICT third- party service providers have been identified. Available options are: •Yes •No •Assessment not performed If you select the check box, then specify the following field value: Identification of alternative ICT TPP. |
| Identification of alternative ICT TPP | Supplementary details on the identification of alternative ICT third-party providers (TPP). |


configure details of the supply chain such as the type of the ICT services, Legal Entity Identifier
(LEI) of the entity that provides the ICT services.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
Rank 1 ICT service supply chain records are generated automatically when you save a
Contractual Arrangements – Specific Information record. The Type of ICT services value on the
Specific Information record determines which supply chain records are created. If you update
that value, the Rank 1 supply chain records update automatically. If you remove a value, the
corresponding Rank 1 and higher supply chain records are deleted automatically. Use this task
to create Rank 2 and higher supply chain records manually, or to view and edit existing supply
chain records. For more information, see Create a contract and enhance digital resilience data.
LEI codes on supply chain records are validated against the GLEIF database during Register of
Information reporting. For more information, see Validate Legal Entity Identifier codes for DORA
reporting. To generate a Register of Information package, see Generate a register of information
package.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then
navigate to Digital resilience third-party registers.
2. Select Contracts and then select the contract record you want to associate a supply chain
record with.
3. Navigate to the ICT service supply chains related list and select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Create New Contractual arrangement form.
5. Select Save.
6.To edit the supply chain record, complete the following.
a.Navigate to Supply chains and select the check box of the record you want from the list.
b.Select Edit and update the fields as required.
c.Select Update.
7.To export supply chain records, complete the following.
a.Navigate to Supply chains and select the check box of the record you want from the list.
b.Select Export.
c.Select the File Type.
Available choices are:
▪Excel
▪CSV
▪JSON
▪PDF
d. Select the Delivery Type.
Available choices are:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3293
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.