# Create an assessment and enhance digital resilience data

*Pages 312–312*

▪Download
▪Email
Related topics
Create a contract and enhance digital resilience data
Generate a register of information package
Validate Legal Entity Identifier codes for DORA reporting
Create an assessment and enhance digital resilience data
Create an assessment of the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) service in
Digital resilience third-party registers using Third-party Risk Management. Add details such
as the contractual arrangement reference number, identification code, and type of code for
the ICT third-party service provider. You can then enhance its digital resilience information for
compliance with DORA regulation.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
It's required that you review your contracts and third parties annually. You can provide the
following assessment details on the assessment form:
•Contractual reference number, which helps identify the following details:
◦Users of the contract
◦Providers of the contract
◦Other relevant details that are automatically pulled in
•Audit information:
◦Has the third-party provider been audited?
◦When was the audit last conducted?
•Exit strategy details:
◦Existence of an exit plan
◦Possibility of integrating with the ICT service provider if terminated
◦Impact assessment of discontinuing the ICT service
◦Identification of any alternatives
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then
navigate to Digital resilience third-party registers.
2. Select Contracts and then select the contract record you want to associate an assessment
record with.
3. Navigate to the Assessments of the ICT services related list and select New.
4.On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Create New Contractual arrangement form.
5. Select Save.
6.To edit the assessment record, complete the following.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3294
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.