# Manage the access for your third-party contacts

*Pages 340–341*

(Optional)
Warning: If the user has other roles, such as snc_internal, then the user might also be
able to log in to your platform and have visibility into critical records.
Manage the access for your third-party contacts
View your existing third-party contacts and adjust their information and access permissions
as needed by using Third-party Risk Management. When you keep the contact details up to
date, you can help to avoid your third-party contacts from getting unauthorized access or losing
authorized access to the third-party portal.
Before you begin
The third-party risk (TPR) manager must contact a team member with the admin role to complete
the last 3 options of step 3.
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager and admin to complete the last 3 options
of step 3.
About this task
Your third-party contacts are external users at the third-party organization. They use the third-
party portal to securely organize, prioritize, and perform tasks like responding to questionnaires
for assessments and communicating with your risk-assessment staff about issues. You can also
adjust the access to the third-party portal and permissions for your third-party contacts.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Third Parties > Third-party Contacts to
view your existing third-party contacts.
The number of contacts is listed for each third party on the third-party contacts page.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3322
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

2. Select the third party that you want to view the list of associated contacts for and then select
the third-party contact.
3. Optional: Manage the access to the portal for your third-party contacts.
Option Description
(Optional) Deactivate the account by clearing
the Active check box.
Deactivate the account
After you deactivate the account, the third-
party contact can't log in or appear in the list
of associated contacts.
(Optional) Resend an email invitation for ac­
cessing the third-party contact portal by se­
Resend Invite lecting the Resend Invite related link.
The email contains a link to the third-party por­
tal and login credentials.
Remove the snc_external role from the third-
party contact and deactivate the third-party
Delete Contact
contact by selecting the Delete Contact relat­
ed link.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3323
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
