# E-signatures on questionnaires or document requests

*Pages 342–342*

Option Description
(Optional) Lock out the third-party contact by
selecting the Locked out option.
After you lock out the third-party contact, that
Locked out person can't log in anymore. This option en­
ables the third-party contact to lose access
while still being active. This action can be
useful as a precautionary measure while the
third-party contact's password is being reset.
Generate a new password and send it to the
Set password third-party contact by selecting Set Pass­
word.
(Optional) Send an email with a link for reset­
ting a third-party contact's password by se­
Reset a password lecting the Reset a password related link.
Additional setup by your team member with
the admin role is required.
4.Select Update.
Note: For more information on setting up third-party contacts, see Set up third-party
contacts and Enable email with third-party contacts.
E-signatures on questionnaires or document requests
Questionnaires or document requests might require electronic signatures of third-party contacts
and/or reviewers.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor
About this task
After a questionnaire or document request has been submitted to the third party, the Third-party
Risk (TPR) manager or TPR assessor receives an email notification that includes a link to the
record.
Note: The signature feature isn’t supported for SAE questionnaires.
Procedure
1.Select the link to open the questionnaire or document request.
Note: A signature is required for the Sample questionnaire. Open the questionnaire that
requires a signature.
2. Complete the questionnaire or document request, and, when you have answered the
questions, select Save and Sign.
3. Use the Type tab to enter your name or use the Draw tab provide a free-form signature and
then select Sign to Complete.
4.To update the questionnaire or document request in any way, select Make Changes.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3324
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
