# TPRM and the Explicit Roles plugin

*Pages 344–344*

Action Description
Select the Permissions tab to review existing
Update permissions permissions. The primary contact can update
and remove read and write access.
Select Download latest attachment to down­
load the latest version of the document. This
Download latest attachment
option isn’t available for documents provided
as a URL.
Select Save to save all changes made to
Save
every section of the document.
Related topics
Document Management system in Third-party Risk Management
Create a document record
Create new document form
TPRM and the Explicit Roles plugin
Activating the Third-party Risk Management plugin also installs the Explicit Roles plugin.
Administrators assign the snc_internal and snc_external roles to provide internal and external
users access to the instance.
When third-party contacts are created, they are automatically assigned the snc_external role,
giving them access to resources related to the Third-party portal.
Various tables provide role-based access to record by setting the Roles field. If the Roles field is
empty, all users have access to that record. For example, if the Roles field for a Service Catalog
item has an empty Roles field, all users have access to that Service Catalog item.
However, when the Explicit Roles plugin is installed, the Roles field is updated to snc_internal.
Also, all users are given the snc_internal role. Continuing with the previous example:
•Before installing the Explicit Roles plugin, if a Service Catalog item had an empty Roles field, it
was accessible to every user.
•After installing the Explicit roles plugin, the Roles field of the Service Catalog item is updated
to snc_internal and all existing users are given the snc_internal role, making the catalog item
accessible to those users.
•After that, all new users must be assigned the snc_internal role, or they will not have access to
that Service Catalog item.
The following table describes the changes to tables affected by the Explicit Roles plugin.
Tables affected by the Explicit Roles plugin
Table Changes
Access Control For all existing and newly created ACLs without a role
requirement, the snc_internal role is assigned.
[sys_security_acl]
Catalog item For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal
role is added. If the glide.sc.use_user_criteria property is set to
[sc_cat_item] false, newly created catalog items are automatically assigned
the snc_internal role. If the property is set to true, the SNC
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3326
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Action | Description |
| --- | --- |



| Table | Changes |
| --- | --- |
| Access Control [sys_security_acl] | For all existing and newly created ACLs without a role requirement, the snc_internal role is assigned. |
