# Using a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet template for external questionnaires

*Pages 345–348*

Tables affected by the Explicit Roles plugin (continued)
Table Changes
External user criteria is added to all newly created catalog
items, excluding external users from viewing the record.
Page For sites that have a login page, where the Read roles field is
empty, the snc_internal role is added. For sites that have no
[content_page] login page or that have automatically created content pages,
the public role is added.
Navigation Menu For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal
[sys_app_application] role is added. Newly created navigation menus with an empty
Roles field are also automatically assigned the snc_internal
role.
Overview Help Panel For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal
[sys_ui_overview_help_panel] role is added. Newly created overview panels with an empty
Roles field are also assigned the snc_internal role.
Portal Page [sys_portal_page] For all records where the Read roles field is empty, the
snc_internal role is added. Newly created portal pages with
an empty Read roles field are also automatically assigned the
snc_internal role.
Processor [sys_processor] For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal
role is added. Newly created processors with an empty Roles
field are also automatically assigned the snc_internal role.
Report [sys_report] For all records where the Roles field is empty, snc_internal is
added. Newly created reports that have an empty Roles field
when sharing are also automatically assigned the snc_internal
role.
Using a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet template for external questionnaires
Third parties and engagements can use a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet to respond to
questionnaires by downloading the template, completing it, and importing the final version into
the Third-party portal. This enables respondents to provide information outside the third-party
portal.
Downloading the questionnaire template
You can access the questionnaire template through the Vendor Management Workspace,
Classic user interface, or through the third-party portal.
If you have the Third-party risk (TPR) assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] or TPR
manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] role, you can download the questionnaire
template by navigating to the questionnaire you want and selecting View responses. For more
information on the questionnaire template process, see Respond using a Microsoft Excel
template.
To view a questionnaire using the Classic user interface, select All > Self-Service > Third-party
risk management > External risk assessments > All open, select the assessment you want, and
then select View responses next to the questionnaire you want in the Questionnaire related list.
After the questionnaire page has opened, select the Download Excel template link.
To view a questionnaire using the Vendor Management Workspace, select Workspaces >
Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to External risk
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3327
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Table | Changes |
| --- | --- |
|  | External user criteria is added to all newly created catalog items, excluding external users from viewing the record. |
| Page [content_page] | For sites that have a login page, where the Read roles field is empty, the snc_internal role is added. For sites that have no login page or that have automatically created content pages, the public role is added. |
| Navigation Menu [sys_app_application] | For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal role is added. Newly created navigation menus with an empty Roles field are also automatically assigned the snc_internal role. |
| Overview Help Panel [sys_ui_overview_help_panel] | For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal role is added. Newly created overview panels with an empty Roles field are also assigned the snc_internal role. |
| Portal Page [sys_portal_page] | For all records where the Read roles field is empty, the snc_internal role is added. Newly created portal pages with an empty Read roles field are also automatically assigned the snc_internal role. |
| Processor [sys_processor] | For all records where the Roles field is empty, the snc_internal role is added. Newly created processors with an empty Roles field are also automatically assigned the snc_internal role. |
| Report [sys_report] | For all records where the Roles field is empty, snc_internal is added. Newly created reports that have an empty Roles field when sharing are also automatically assigned the snc_internal role. |


assessments. After choosing the assessment you want, navigate to the Questionnaires and
document requests section of the Risk overview tab and select the questionnaire you want. After
the questionnaire page has opened, select the Download Excel template link.
Note: As TPR assessor or TPR manager you can submit a questionnaire after
completing this process on behalf of a third party or engagement contact if the
Allow assessors to answer/edit questionnaires for third-party contacts property
(sn_svdp.allow_assessor_edit) is active. For more information on configuring
this property and responding to questionnaires, see Configure TPRM properties, Respond
to a questionnaire for a third party or engagement, and Review responses to external
questionnaires.
The following example shows the questionnaire page.
Sample questionnaire example
Important: The questionnaire template is downloaded in the .xlsx format and after being
completed must be uploaded in the same format.
Completing the questionnaire template
You can view the instructions for filling out the template by navigating to the Instructions tab in
the questionnaire template file. To add question data for each section of the questionnaire, go
to the corresponding tab. Each tab is named after its section and contains the relevant question
data.
Important: You must follow the instructions for each question type and column entry.
Entries in the Question Details, Depends on, and Required when columns must match the
tag, question name, or action being referenced. Validation for the questionnaire template is
limited.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3328
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| to a questionnaire for a third party or engagement |
| --- |
| questionnaires |


Importing the questionnaire template
Import a completed questionnaire by selecting Import and then selecting the file from your file
browser. A dialog box shows the progress status for your questionnaire template as answers are
imported. After the import is complete, you can review the results and select Copy to copy the
import log to your clipboard if applicable. Review the import log and correct any errors before
attempting to upload the updated template.
The following example shows the dialog box and import log.
Import log example
Limitations
The questionnaire template has the following limitations and requirements.
•Don’t modify the structure or formatting of the document; only make selections or enter
content as instructed.
•Not all question types have validation, so some of your responses might not be checked for
correctness or completeness.
•Answer all mandatory questions; leaving them unanswered can result in an incomplete
submission.
•Complete certain question types, including Attachment, Reference, Image Scale, and
Template, in the ServiceNow instance or with the help of a third-party representative, as the
template doesn’t support them.
•Rich text formatting (for example, HTML tags such as <b> or <p>) is not supported when
importing questionnaire responses from an Excel file. Use plain text only.
•Follow the additional conditions specified in the Required When column for conditional
questions, which depend on your answers to previous questions, as indicated in the Depends
On column.
•Review the Question Details column carefully, as it provides additional context or information
about the questions.
•Disable any filters in the questionnaire template to help ensure you see and answer all
questions, as filters can hide questions.
•Avoid modifying or distributing the document without authorization, as this violates the
copyright agreement and can result in penalties for you or your organization.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3329
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

For more information about questionnaire template requirements, see the Instructions tab in the
questionnaire template file.
For instructions that you can send to third-party contacts, see Respond using a Microsoft Excel
template.
Note: Due to license restrictions, you can’t download Shared Assessments Standardized
Information Gathering (SIG) questionnaire templates. For more information about using SIG
questionnaires, see Using the SIG questionnaire for a risk assessment.
Respond using a Microsoft Excel template
Use a Microsoft Excel template to respond to questionnaires by downloading the template,
completing it, and importing the final version into the Third-party portal. The Microsoft Excel
questionnaire template contains instructions for filling out the template.
Before you begin
Role required: vendor_contact
About this task
The Microsoft Excel questionnaire template enables third-party and engagement contacts to
provide information outside the third-party portal, streamlining the due diligence process. For
more information, see Using a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet template for external questionnaires.
Procedure
1.Log in to the Third-party portal at https://<myCompany>.service-now.com/svdp.
2. Select the Assessments tab, and then select the assessment and questionnaire you want to
respond to.
3. Select the Download Excel template link.
The system generates a template file and it’s automatically downloaded. Downloaded files use
the following file naming convention: <questionnaireName_id>.xlsx
4.Fill out the template according to the instructions.
You can view the instructions for filling out the template by navigating to the Instructions
tab in the template file. To add question data for each section of the questionnaire, go to the
corresponding tab. Each tab is named after its section and contains the relevant question data.
Important: You must follow the instructions for each question type and column entry.
Entries in the Question Details, Depends on, and Required when columns must match
the tag, question name, or action being referenced. Validation for the questionnaire
template is limited.
5. Upload a completed questionnaire by selecting Import and then select the file from your file
browser.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3330
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.