# Using the SIG questionnaire for a risk assessment

*Pages 349–350*

A dialog box shows the progress status for your questionnaire template upload. After the
upload is complete, you can review the results.
6.Review the results and select Copy to copy the import log to your clipboard if applicable.
7.Select Close.
a.Review the import log and correct any errors in the Microsoft Excel questionnaire template.
8.Repeat the steps 5 through 7 until all errors are resolved.
The questionnaire template has been successfully uploaded and the questionnaire is now
updated with all the question data from the complete questionnaire template.
9.Select Submit.
The complete questionnaire is now available for review by the requester.
Using the SIG questionnaire for a risk assessment
Third parties can use the Shared Assessments Standardized Information Gathering
questionnaire (SIG) to provide assessment documentation in the Third-party Risk Management
application. The third-party contact can upload the pre-filled SIG spreadsheet or respond to a
form-based questionnaire that is imported to the instance.
Supported SIG versions
TPRM supports the current SIG version and prior versions up to 2021. The following SIG versions
are supported:
•SIG Full 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
•SIG Core 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
•SIG Lite 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3331
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Note: SIG 2020 versions are available for reactivation. SIG 2020 versions are deactivated
by default.
Important:
The base system includes sample SIG questionnaires. These questionnaires don’t provide
the correct answers. The templates provided by the Shared Assessments service don’t
include the correct answers. You have to determine the correct and wrong answers.
Yes-or-no questions in the sample SIG questionnaires don’t include scoring logic. By
default, all Yes answers in the samples are graded as correct. You must configure the logic
for your own needs.
SIG limitations
Your third party might run into the following issues when using a SIG:
•If a third party uploads a version prior to the earliest supported SIG, all responses for matching
questions are imported and any non-matching questions are imported with empty responses
for the third party to answer later.
•If a third party attempts to load the data from a version of SIG that is older than the current
version, some questions might not be mapped or parsed correctly (for example, if you load
data for SIG 2021 full on SIG 2022 full).
•Loading a version of SIG prior to 2021 isn’t supported.
Note: For more information about using the GRC: SIG Questionnaire Integration plugin,
see Standardized Information Gathering (SIG) Questionnaire Integration, Install the GRC:
SIG Questionnaire Integration, and Verify the SIG Questionnaire Integration in Third-party
Risk Management.
For instructions that you can send to third-party contacts, see Respond using the SIG.
Respond using the SIG
Use the Shared Assessments Standardized Information Gathering questionnaire (SIG) to
provide assessment documentation on the third-party portal. You can upload the pre-filled SIG
spreadsheet or import a form-based questionnaire.
Before you begin
Role required: vendor_contact
About this task
TPRM supports the current SIG version and prior versions up to 2021. The following SIG versions
are supported:
•SIG Full 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
•SIG Core 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
•SIG Lite 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021
Note: SIG 2020 versions are available for reactivation. SIG 2020 versions are deactivated
by default.
If you upload a version prior to the earliest supported SIG, all responses for matching questions
are imported and any non-matching questions are imported with blank responses for you to
answer later.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3332
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


|  | Install the GRC: |
| --- | --- |
| Verify the SIG Questionnaire Integration in Third-party |  |



| SIG Questionnaire Integration |
| --- |
| Risk Management |
