# Using risk intelligence reports and scores

*Pages 351–354*

Important: If you attempt to load data from a version of SIG that is older than the current
version, some questions might not be mapped or parsed correctly (for example, if you load
data for SIG 2022 full on SIG 2023 full). You can’t load a version of SIG prior to 2021.
Procedure
1.Log in to the Third-party portal at https://<myCompany>.service-now.com/svdp.
2. Upload a completed questionnaire or complete the questionnaire.
Action Steps
Select Import, navigate to the file, and then
select Open.
Upload a completed SIG questionnaire
Complete the questionnaire Select the questionnaire and fill it out.
3. Submit the SIG questionnaire on the Third-party portal.
The complete SIG questionnaire is now available for review by the requester.
Using risk intelligence reports and scores
Request risk intelligence reports or scores directly from your external risk intelligence content
providers by using the Third-party Risk Management application. This information can be
requested and managed based on the importance or risk level of the individual third party.
Risk intelligence overview
Risk intelligence providers are companies that specialize in analyzing and generating risk scores
for various third-party risk domains. These providers offer services that are similar to personal
credit scoring systems, delivering data that helps organizations assess third parties.
If you have the third-party risk (TPR) assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor] and are
the due diligence request owner or the TPR manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager]
role, you can use the TPRM application to request scores or reports for third parties by using the
risk intelligence request form. After the reports and scores are generated by the risk intelligence
provider, the links to these reports are delivered and associated with that risk intelligence report
record.
The information in these reports can cover various topics, including the geopolitical risks,
economic stability, industry-specific trends, and regulatory changes that could affect your
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3333
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Action | Steps |
| --- | --- |


third-party interaction. You can order different types of reports, such as credit risk reports,
compliance reports, strategic risk reports, and more, for your specific risk management program
requirements.
The Risk Intelligence Report framework provides a common way to request reports, but it does
not enforce provider‑specific requirements. Each risk intelligence provider decides whether a
request can be fulfilled based on its own integration and the your organization's agreement with
that provider. A report is returned only if the provider’s requirements are met.
Setting up risk intelligence providers and request types
If you have the TPR assessment reviewer [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer] role,
you must register the providers and set up both the providers and request types in the Third-
party Risk Management application before you can request a report. For more information, see
Register a risk intelligence provider, Set up a risk intelligence provider service, and Set up a
request type for a provider.
Note: You can request risk reports for third parties but not for engagements.
Requesting risk intelligence
As a TPR manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager], TPR assessor
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor] that is the due diligence request owner, or contract
negotiator [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.contract_negotiator] that is assigned to the due diligence request,
you can request a Risk Intelligence Report (RIR) or score to gain insight on how trustworthy a
particular third party can be. You would follow this process to request risk intelligence reports or
scores:
1.Fill out the RIR request form. An RIR request can be associated with a third party or
due diligence request. When you associate a RIR request with a due diligence request,
reviewers and approvers can more easily access all the related activity, scores, reports,
and details through the Risk Intelligence report request tab in the Vendor Management
Workspace[var.vendor-management-ws]. For more information, see Request a risk intelligence
report and Request a risk intelligence report associated with a due diligence request.
Note: If you want to associate an RIR request with a due diligence request, it must be
after the inherent risk questionnaire (IRQ) has been completed (that is, when the due
diligence request has entered the IRQ in progress state).
2. The TPR manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager] and their team reviews the
request.
3. The TPR manager [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager], TPR assessor
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_assessor] that is the due diligence request owner, or contract
negotiator [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.contract_negotiator] that is assigned to the due diligence request
can submit it if it’s approved. After the request has been submitted and has entered the Order
pending state, all fields in the Risk intelligence report request section are read-only to help to
prevent incorrect orders from being submitted to the provider.
Note: The TPR manager, TPR assessor, or contract negotiator can cancel a RIR request
while the request is in the Open or Order pending state. An RIR request can also be
canceled if the report is no longer needed due to new information that impacts the third
party or some other change.
4.After the reports and scores are generated by the risk intelligence provider, the links to these
reports and the scores are delivered and associated with the risk intelligence report request.
The RIR request then enters the Closed complete state.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3334
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

After a request is submitted, the risk intelligence provider determines whether the request can
be fulfilled based on its own requirements. The platform submits the request and records the
outcome, but does not validate provider-specific prerequisites.
For more information on RIR requests and their process states, see Risk intelligence report
requests management.
Note: You can’t have multiple RIR requests with the same provider, request type, or third
party. For example, if you have already associated an RIR request with a third party, you
can’t request the same report from the same provider as part of a due diligence request for
an engagement. This process helps with preventing duplicate orders from being submitted
to the provider.
You can manually add scores to third parties and use the Risk intelligence scores related list to
review the background information on the existing scores for a third party. For more information,
see Add a risk intelligence score to risk data for a third party.
Tracking sanctions-related information
By tracking sanction-related information about your third parties, you can check if that third
party is involved in any activities that are prohibited or restricted by government sanctions or
regulations. Logging and updating sanctions-related information for third parties keeps your
team informed as you review and approve a due diligence request as part of your third-party risk
program. For more information about tracking sanctions-related information, see Track sanctions-
related information.
Request a risk intelligence report
Request a risk intelligence report (RIR) or score to gain insight on how trustworthy a particular
third party can be using the Third-party Risk Management application.
Before you begin
You must set up and register all risk intelligence providers and set up request types so that
they’re available as selections in the risk intelligence report form. For more information, see
Register a risk intelligence provider, Set up a risk intelligence provider service, and Set up a
request type for a provider.
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager
About this task
You can order different types of risk intelligence reports such as credit risk reports, compliance
reports, strategic risk reports, and more for your specific risk management program
requirements.
Note: There can only be one active request of each type for a third party. For example, if
Workfaster has already requested a Level 1 report, they can’t request another Level 1 report
while the first one is still being processed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider
Setup > Report Requests.
2. Select New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Risk intelligence report request form. To create a risk
intelligence report request that is associated with a due diligence request, see Request a risk
intelligence report associated with a due diligence request.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3335
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

4.Optional: In the Sanction section of the form, enter any sanctions-related information.
For information on how to track sanctions screening information, see Track sanctions-related
information.
5. Select Save.
The system opens to the third-party risk RIR request. For each risk intelligence request, the
system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text RIR. Use this ID to track your
request. You can add attachments and start a discussion with your team from this page.
6.Select Submit request.
The RIR request has been submitted to the provider.
Note: You can create a risk intelligence request through the third-party record page with
the following actions.
a.In Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to All
third parties.
b.Select the relevant third party to get to the third-party record page.
c.On the Risk Intelligence report request tab, select New and specify the Provider and
Request type.
d. Select Save.
e. Select Submit request.
You have submitted the RIR request to the provider.
Request a risk intelligence report associated with a due diligence request
Request a risk intelligence report (RIR) or score to gain insight on how trustworthy a particular
third party can be as part of the due diligence request process by using the Third-party Risk
Management application. By associating your RIR request with a due diligence request, all
activity, scores, reports, and details are available for you to see.
Before you begin
You must set up and register all risk intelligence providers and set up request types so that
they’re available as selections in the Risk intelligence report request form. For more information,
see Register a risk intelligence provider, Set up a risk intelligence provider service, and Set up a
request type for a provider.
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor that is the due diligence request owner,
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager, or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.contract_negotiator assigned to the
due diligence request.
About this task
You can order different types of risk intelligence reports such as credit risk reports, compliance
reports, strategic risk reports, and more for your specific risk management program
requirements.
Note: There can only be one active request of each type for a third party. For example, if
Workfaster has already requested a Level 1 report, they can’t request another Level 1 report
while the first one is still being processed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3336
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.