# Request a risk intelligence report associated with a due diligence request

*Pages 354–354*

4.Optional: In the Sanction section of the form, enter any sanctions-related information.
For information on how to track sanctions screening information, see Track sanctions-related
information.
5. Select Save.
The system opens to the third-party risk RIR request. For each risk intelligence request, the
system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text RIR. Use this ID to track your
request. You can add attachments and start a discussion with your team from this page.
6.Select Submit request.
The RIR request has been submitted to the provider.
Note: You can create a risk intelligence request through the third-party record page with
the following actions.
a.In Vendor Management Workspace, select the list icon and then navigate to All
third parties.
b.Select the relevant third party to get to the third-party record page.
c.On the Risk Intelligence report request tab, select New and specify the Provider and
Request type.
d. Select Save.
e. Select Submit request.
You have submitted the RIR request to the provider.
Request a risk intelligence report associated with a due diligence request
Request a risk intelligence report (RIR) or score to gain insight on how trustworthy a particular
third party can be as part of the due diligence request process by using the Third-party Risk
Management application. By associating your RIR request with a due diligence request, all
activity, scores, reports, and details are available for you to see.
Before you begin
You must set up and register all risk intelligence providers and set up request types so that
they’re available as selections in the Risk intelligence report request form. For more information,
see Register a risk intelligence provider, Set up a risk intelligence provider service, and Set up a
request type for a provider.
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor that is the due diligence request owner,
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager, or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.contract_negotiator assigned to the
due diligence request.
About this task
You can order different types of risk intelligence reports such as credit risk reports, compliance
reports, strategic risk reports, and more for your specific risk management program
requirements.
Note: There can only be one active request of each type for a third party. For example, if
Workfaster has already requested a Level 1 report, they can’t request another Level 1 report
while the first one is still being processed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3336
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.