# Track sanctions-related information

*Pages 355–355*

Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Vendor Management Workspace.
2. Select the list icon and then navigate to Due diligence requests > All requests.
3. Navigate to the Due diligence request record page by selecting the relevant DDR number.
4.On the Risk Intelligence report request tab, select New and specify the Provider and
Request type.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Risk intelligence report request form.
5. Optional: In the Sanction section of the form, enter any sanction-related information.
For information on how to track sanctions screening information, see Track sanctions-related
information.
6.Select Save.
The system opens to the Third-party risk intelligence request. For each risk intelligence
request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text RIR. Use this ID
to track your request. You can add attachments and start a discussion with your team from this
page.
7.Select Submit request.
You have submitted the RIR request to the provider.
Track sanctions-related information
Track sanction-related information as part of requesting risk intelligence reports and scores by
using the Third-party Risk Management application. Logging and updating sanctions-related
information for third parties keeps your team informed as you conduct due diligence as part of
your third-party risk program.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor that is the due diligence request owner,
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_manager, or sn_vdr_risk_asmt.contract_negotiator assigned to the
due diligence request
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Self-Service > Third-party Risk Management > Risk Intelligence Provider
Setup > Report Requests.
2. Select the RIR number that you want.
3. On the form, specify if the third party is sanctioned by selecting Yes or No and fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all these fields, see Risk intelligence report request form.
4.Select Update.
The sanctions-related section of the RIR request has been updated.
Third-party Risk Management reference
Reference topics provide detailed descriptions of tables, properties, forms, and roles that are
installed with the Third-party Risk Management application.
Terminology
Learn more about the key concepts and terms that are used in the TPRM application.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3337
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.