# Unique ID numbers for TPRM records

*Pages 367–367*

Unique ID numbers for TPRM records
When you create (or the system generates) a new record (for example, a request for due
diligence or a task), the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that helps to identify the type of
data in the record. You can use the ID number to search for or filter the item you want to work on.
Unique text prefixes for ID numbers that identify the type of record
•Questionnaire requests: When a questionnaire template is added to an assessment and sent
out, the system generates assessment instances for each template. Each of these instances is
automatically assigned a unique ID number that starts with the text AINST.
•Contracts: For each contract, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text C or CNTR.
•Controls: For each control, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text CTRL.
•Due diligence requests: For each due diligence request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID
number that starts with the text DDR.
•Engagement risk scoring rules: For each engagement risk scoring rule, the system auto-
assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text ERS.
•Event-driven management: For each Event-driven management rule, the system auto-assigns
a unique ID number that starts with the text EMR. In the history table of rule runs (executions),
the system auto-assigns a unique ID number for each run that starts with the text EMH.
•IRQs: For each IRQ process, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text INA.
•Risk Intelligence Requests: For each risk intelligence request, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text RIR.
•Issues: For each issue, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text
VRI.
•Tasks: For each task, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRT.
•External assessments (the external due diligence process where third-party contacts
respond to requests for information): For each external risk assessment, the system auto-
assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRA.
•Third-party risk scoring rule: For each third-party risk scoring rule, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text VRS.
•Risk tiering assessment: For each risk tiering assessment, the system auto-assigns a unique
ID number that starts with the text VTA.
Results of migrating a template to a TPRM SAE template
You can view the templates that were migrated to Smart Assessment format.
Tracking template migration
After you have started the migration process, you can view the progress and confirm if it was
completed successfully. For more information on the migration process, see Migrate a template
to an SAE template and Creating an assessment template from legacy assessment metric types.
Viewing the migration results
To view your migration results, navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Assessment
Setup > Classic Template Migration. In the Assessment template migrations list, select the
migration number. Each migration record for a metric type is assigned a unique number that
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3349
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.