# Results of migrating a template to a TPRM SAE template

*Pages 367–370*

Unique ID numbers for TPRM records
When you create (or the system generates) a new record (for example, a request for due
diligence or a task), the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that helps to identify the type of
data in the record. You can use the ID number to search for or filter the item you want to work on.
Unique text prefixes for ID numbers that identify the type of record
•Questionnaire requests: When a questionnaire template is added to an assessment and sent
out, the system generates assessment instances for each template. Each of these instances is
automatically assigned a unique ID number that starts with the text AINST.
•Contracts: For each contract, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text C or CNTR.
•Controls: For each control, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text CTRL.
•Due diligence requests: For each due diligence request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID
number that starts with the text DDR.
•Engagement risk scoring rules: For each engagement risk scoring rule, the system auto-
assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text ERS.
•Event-driven management: For each Event-driven management rule, the system auto-assigns
a unique ID number that starts with the text EMR. In the history table of rule runs (executions),
the system auto-assigns a unique ID number for each run that starts with the text EMH.
•IRQs: For each IRQ process, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the
text INA.
•Risk Intelligence Requests: For each risk intelligence request, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text RIR.
•Issues: For each issue, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text
VRI.
•Tasks: For each task, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRT.
•External assessments (the external due diligence process where third-party contacts
respond to requests for information): For each external risk assessment, the system auto-
assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRA.
•Third-party risk scoring rule: For each third-party risk scoring rule, the system auto-assigns a
unique ID number that starts with the text VRS.
•Risk tiering assessment: For each risk tiering assessment, the system auto-assigns a unique
ID number that starts with the text VTA.
Results of migrating a template to a TPRM SAE template
You can view the templates that were migrated to Smart Assessment format.
Tracking template migration
After you have started the migration process, you can view the progress and confirm if it was
completed successfully. For more information on the migration process, see Migrate a template
to an SAE template and Creating an assessment template from legacy assessment metric types.
Viewing the migration results
To view your migration results, navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Assessment
Setup > Classic Template Migration. In the Assessment template migrations list, select the
migration number. Each migration record for a metric type is assigned a unique number that
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3349
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

starts with the text ATMIG. The form displays the values that were used to generate the template.
The related lists display the status and content of the migrated data.
The following table describes the fields in the Assessment template migration list.
Assessment template migration list
Field Description
Number Unique number that starts with the text
ATSMIG in the migration record for the
questionnaire. You can use the number to
search for the record.
Source metric type Classic template that migrated.
Target assessment template Smart Assessment template that is migrated
from the source template.
Purpose
Purpose for the migrated template.
Note: Known as Template
classifications in the Classic assessment
engine, TPRM has a Purpose for each
classic template classification.
TPRM purpose options include:
•TPRM external 3rd-party element
questionnaire
•TPRM external 4th-party questionnaire
•TPRM external document request
•TPRM external questionnaire
•TPRM internal IRQ
•TPRM internal tiering questionnaire
To view a TPRM SAE questionnaire
template you must have the
TPR assessment reviewer role
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer].
For more information on creating assessment
template purposes, see Create an assessment
template category.
Note: You can create an assessment
only from a published assessment
template.
Migration status Value that updates as the template migration
process proceeds.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3350
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | Unique number that starts with the text ATSMIG in the migration record for the questionnaire. You can use the number to search for the record. |
| Source metric type | Classic template that migrated. |
| Target assessment template | Smart Assessment template that is migrated from the source template. |
| Purpose | Purpose for the migrated template. Note: Known as Template classifications in the Classic assessment engine, TPRM has a Purpose for each classic template classification. TPRM purpose options include: •TPRM external 3rd-party element questionnaire •TPRM external 4th-party questionnaire •TPRM external document request •TPRM external questionnaire •TPRM internal IRQ •TPRM internal tiering questionnaire To view a TPRM SAE questionnaire template you must have the TPR assessment reviewer role [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewe For more information on creating assessment template purposes, see Create an assessment template category. Note: You can create an assessment only from a published assessment template. |


Assessment template migration list (continued)
Field Description
•In progress: Status for after you start
the migration process, the process is in
progress until it finishes.
•Completed: The migration is completed
successfully.
•Partially completed: Only some elements
were successfully migrated.
•Errored: An error occurred during the
migration.
Error details
Description of an error that occurred during
the unsuccessful migration.
Created Date and time the migration job was created.
Template migration results
The following diagram shows the questionnaire to TPRM SAE template migration workflow.
SAE migration workflow
1.Migrate templates either one by one or in bulk. After migration, all templates are in the Draft
state.
2. Review each migrated questionnaire template individually to confirm that they’re accurate and
complete.
3. Publish TPRM SAE questionnaire templates. After publishing, the following actions occur
automatically:
◦TPRM SAE templates are associated with all related Assessment templates.
◦TPRM SAE templates are associated with all related Issue generation rules.
Note: For Issue-generation rules to work as expected when applied to an TPRM SAE
assessment template, at least one question must have the option, Enable preferred
response, set to true.
4.After all questionnaire templates related to an assessment template have been migrated and
published, they should be marked as Supports smart assessment and ready for use.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3351
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •In progress: Status for after you start the migration process, the process is in progress until it finishes. •Completed: The migration is completed successfully. •Partially completed: Only some elements were successfully migrated. •Errored: An error occurred during the migration. |
| Error details | Description of an error that occurred during the unsuccessful migration. |
| Created | Date and time the migration job was created. |


5. Review each assessment template to confirm it’s marked as Supports smart assessment. If
an assessment template isn’t marked as Supports smart assessment, manually adding a new
TPRM SAE questionnaire template to it updates its status.
6.After a questionnaire template has been migrated and published, its related issue generation
rule is automatically marked as Supports smart assessment and is ready for use.
For more information, see Migrate a template to an SAE template, Create a TPRM SAE
questionnaire or document request template, Create an external assessment template, and
Create an issue generation rule.
The following diagram shows the relationship between assessment templates and
questionnaires after upgrading.
Assessment templates post-upgrade
•Before setting the Smart Assessment Engine enabled
(sn_vdr_risk_asmt.sae_enabled) property, the following are used by default.
◦Existing questionnaire templates
◦Existing assessments
•After setting the Smart Assessment Engine enabled
(sn_vdr_risk_asmt.sae_enabled) property, the following are used by default.
◦SAE questionnaire templates (New or migrated).
◦Assessments marked as Supports smart assessment.
◦Tier-based, Provider-based, and Event-driven management rules only work with
assessments marked as Supports smart assessment.
Note: Templates and questions must be reviewed to confirm they’re marked as Supports
smart assessment. After the assessment templates and questions are marked as Supports
smart assessment, issue-generation rules can be applied.
Template migration scoring results
The Migrate scores from classic template business rule automates the migration of scores from
the Classic template to the TPRM SAE template, helping ensure consistent scoring configuration.
If a new template is created, you must manually enable scoring, define the correct options,
and set their scores. For more information, see Scoring assessments, Configure scoring for an
assessment, and Normalization in assessment.
Migration limitations
The assessment migration process has the following limitations and requirements.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3352
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.