# Guidelines for importing spreadsheet data

*Pages 371–372*

•The following question types aren’t supported: percentage, ranking, image scale, and custom
metric. You must either convert these question types to supported formats before migration or
create new questions in the template designer after migration.
•If a section in the classic template contains only unsupported questions, an empty section
is created in the TPRM SAE template. TPRM SAE templates with empty sections can’t be
published; therefore, you must either add replacement questions to these sections or delete
the empty sections before publishing.
•When transferring TPRM SAE questionnaire templates between instances, the update set
won’t include the duration information. Users must export the duration information manually
from the sn_smart_asmt_duration table and import it into the target instances.
•If an assessment template isn’t updated to support SAE assessments, the related tier-based,
provider-based, and event-driven management rules won’t run as expected.
•The TPRM scoring migration proceeds only if there were no errors during the template
migration. If there were errors, the TPRM scoring migration doesn’t occur.
•Responses from previous assessments aren’t migrated.
•In the Third‑party portal, the Excel export option available for Classic assessments is not
supported for SAE assessments.
Related topics
How legacy metric types are migrated to sections in templates
Guidelines for importing spreadsheet data
Before you try to import the questionnaire data from a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet into Third-
party Risk Management tables, you must verify that its format meets particular guidelines.
Property settings that affect spreadsheet data
You can specify the following property settings:
Text delimiter in spreadsheets [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.excel_choice_delimiter]
Character string that separates response text in questions of type ‘Choice’ and
‘Multiple Selection’.
Common delimiters: \r, \n, \t, \r\n, and the comma character.
Maximum spreadsheet file size [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.excel_file_max_size]
Maximum file size in MB that can be imported.
See Configure TPRM properties.
Supported columns
Required columns are marked with *. Column headings must appear in the first row of the
spreadsheet.
•Serial number *
•Category *
•Question *
•Order *
•Data type *
•Description
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3353
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

•Scored
•Correct answer
•Scale definition
•Depends on
•Displayed when
•Min
•Max
•Weight
•Mandatory
•Allow additional information
•Allow not applicable
•All other columns of the Assessment Metric [asmt_metric] table
Supported question types
•Check box
•Yes/No
•Choice
•Attachment
•Date
•Date/Time
•Percentage
•String
•Multiple Selection
•Number
•Numeric Scale
Supported Excel formats
Requirements:
•Each file can have only one worksheet.
•You can separate multiple choices in a cell with line breaks (Alt/Option + Enter). Other options
are available in System Properties.
•.xlsx
•.xls
•.xlm
•.xltx
•.xlt
•.xlw
•.xlsb
•.csv
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3354
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.