# Due diligence request process management

*Pages 385–391*

Regulation or
Name Risk Area Classification
Purpose
Element Product Risk - Sample Questionnaire
template
Element Facility Risk - Sample Questionnaire
template
Element Facility Datacenter Risk - Sample Questionnaire
template
Element Beneficial Owner Risk - Sample Questionnaire
template
Element - Product Info. Collection- Third-party Questionnaire
Sample element template
collection
Element - Facility General Info. Collection- Third-party Questionnaire
Sample element template
collection
Element - Facility Datacenter Info. Third-party Questionnaire
Collection- Sample element template
collection
Element - Beneficial Owner Info. Third-party Questionnaire
Collection- Sample element template
collection
Gen AI - Sample Questionnaire Questionnaire
template
Due diligence request process management
From the Details tab, you can view and adjust the due diligence request information for a third
party. You can also log external-facing comments and private work notes, attach files, and track
request updates in the activity stream.
The Details tab for a due diligence request displays information in the following sections:
Third-party due diligence request
Third-party due diligence request
Field Description
Number
For each due diligence request, the system
auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts
with the text DDR.
State Current state in the due diligence process:
IRQ, external due diligence, approval, contract
risk, or closed.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3367
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Name | Risk Area | Regulation or Purpose | Classification |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Element Product Risk - Sample |  |  | Questionnaire template |
| Element Facility Risk - Sample |  |  | Questionnaire template |
| Element Facility Datacenter Risk - Sample |  |  | Questionnaire template |
| Element Beneficial Owner Risk - Sample |  |  | Questionnaire template |
| Element - Product Info. Collection- Sample |  | Third-party element collection | Questionnaire template |
| Element - Facility General Info. Collection- Sample |  | Third-party element collection | Questionnaire template |
| Element - Facility Datacenter Info. Collection- Sample |  | Third-party element collection | Questionnaire template |
| Element - Beneficial Owner Info. Collection- Sample |  | Third-party element collection | Questionnaire template |
| Gen AI - Sample Questionnaire |  |  | Questionnaire template |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Number | For each due diligence request, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text DDR. |
| State | Current state in the due diligence process: IRQ, external due diligence, approval, contract risk, or closed. |


Third-party due diligence request (continued)
Field Description
Request Type
•Onboard a new engagement. Start the
onboarding process for a new engagement
with an existing third party.
•Reassess an existing engagement.
Reassess an existing engagement when
the conditions change. For example, let's
say that you hear adverse news or have
changes in your third-party's supply lines.
You might want to reassess the risk by
conducting additional due diligence.
•Reassess an existing engagement for
contract renewal. Reassess the risk before
your organization renews the contract with
a current third party or engagement by
conducting due diligence.
•Offboard an engagement with due
diligence. Determine if offboarding
(terminating the relationship) with an
engagement is the optimal course of
action by conducting due diligence. For
example, it might be too risky to switch third
parties or engagements even if their current
performance doesn’t meet expectations.
•Offboard an engagement with NO due
diligence. Request that an engagement
be permanently terminated when an
engagement ends or you want to switch to a
different third party for other reasons. In this
case, you typically don't need to conduct
additional due diligence. The process does,
however, include the normal Inherent Risk
Questionnaire (IRQ) process to confirm that
the services provided by the engagement
will no longer continue.
Priority Priority of the request.
•1 - Critical
•2- High
•3 - Moderate
•4 - Low
•5 - Planning
Third party Third party with which the request is
associated.
Annual spend Money that is spent with the third-party
organization in one year.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3368
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Request Type | •Onboard a new engagement. Start the onboarding process for a new engagement with an existing third party. •Reassess an existing engagement. Reassess an existing engagement when the conditions change. For example, let's say that you hear adverse news or have changes in your third-party's supply lines. You might want to reassess the risk by conducting additional due diligence. •Reassess an existing engagement for contract renewal. Reassess the risk before your organization renews the contract with a current third party or engagement by conducting due diligence. •Offboard an engagement with due diligence. Determine if offboarding (terminating the relationship) with an engagement is the optimal course of action by conducting due diligence. For example, it might be too risky to switch third parties or engagements even if their current performance doesn’t meet expectations. •Offboard an engagement with NO due diligence. Request that an engagement be permanently terminated when an engagement ends or you want to switch to a different third party for other reasons. In this case, you typically don't need to conduct additional due diligence. The process does, however, include the normal Inherent Risk Questionnaire (IRQ) process to confirm that the services provided by the engagement will no longer continue. |
| Priority | Priority of the request. •1 - Critical •2- High •3 - Moderate •4 - Low •5 - Planning |
| Third party | Third party with which the request is associated. |
| Annual spend | Money that is spent with the third-party organization in one year. |


Third-party due diligence request (continued)
Field Description
Engagement
Engagement with which the request is
associated.
Note: After the due diligence request
is submitted by the requester, the TPR
manager or due diligence request
owner can update this field to an
existing engagement by selecting the
magnifying glass icon . This helps
avoid onboarding existing engagements.
Skip contract risk process Option to skip the contract risk process.
When you select the check box, you bypass
the contract negotiation state. The
Contract start date and Contract expiration
date fields are replaced with Engagement
start date and Engagement expiration date.
See Contract Risk process.
Note: After the Third-party risk (TPR)
manager approves the request, it won’t
be sent to the contract negotiators, and
the request is closed.
Requestor Creator of the request.
Opened Date the request was opened.
Contract start date, Expiration date Preferred dates for the beginning and end of
interactions with the engagement.
Engagement start date, Engagement Preferred dates for the beginning and end of
expiration date interactions with the engagement.
IRQ assessor User at your organization that responds to the
IRQ. See IRQ process management.
Contract negotiator User at your organization that prepares,
negotiates, and approves the contract.
Assignment group
Qualified group of individuals available to work
on the request.
For new requests, the Assignment group is
set to Due diligence request assigners. The
system sends an email notification to all
users in the group that is specified in the
Assignment group. The message states that
the request was received and is in the New
state. The message also includes a link to the
details page for the request.
On the due diligence request form:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3369
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Engagement | Engagement with which the request is associated. Note: After the due diligence request is submitted by the requester, the TPR manager or due diligence request owner can update this field to an existing engagement by selecting the magnifying glass icon . This helps avoid onboarding existing engagements. |
| Skip contract risk process | Option to skip the contract risk process. When you select the check box, you bypass the contract negotiation state. The Contract start date and Contract expiration date fields are replaced with Engagement start date and Engagement expiration date. See Contract Risk process. Note: After the Third-party risk (TPR) manager approves the request, it won’t be sent to the contract negotiators, and the request is closed. |
| Requestor | Creator of the request. |
| Opened | Date the request was opened. |
| Contract start date, Expiration date | Preferred dates for the beginning and end of interactions with the engagement. |
| Engagement start date, Engagement expiration date | Preferred dates for the beginning and end of interactions with the engagement. |
| IRQ assessor | User at your organization that responds to the IRQ. See IRQ process management. |
| Contract negotiator | User at your organization that prepares, negotiates, and approves the contract. |


Third-party due diligence request (continued)
Field Description
•Any member of the group can select Assign
to me or set the Owner field to any other
member of the group.
•A TPR manager or TPR assessor can clear
the Assignment group field or change the
value to select from different TPR assessors
in the Owner selection list.
Assigned to
The individual assigned to the due diligence
request.
The owner is responsible for confirming that
the assessment is completed in a timely
fashion by the third party, reviewing their
responses, and creating and resolving issues.
To drive the assessment to its completion,
owners are notified when an assessment
reaches a particular milestone. The owner
must have the TPR manager or TPR assessor
role.
Short description, Description Description of the request that helps others
to understand the creator's intent and
requirements.
Third-party basic information
Third-party basic information
Field Description
Third-party name Name of third party with which the request is
associated.
DUNS number Unique numeric identifier for the single
business entity. A DUNS number isn’t legally
required for a business.
Note: In the Third-party due diligence
request [sn_tprm_dd_request]
table, there are two DUNs number
columns: vdr_duns_number indicates
the third party DUNs number and
eng_duns_number indicates the
engagement DUNs number.
Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Standard contact information for the third-
Country, Phone, Fax party organization.
Website URL for the third party.
Type Type of third party.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3370
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Any member of the group can select Assign to me or set the Owner field to any other member of the group. •A TPR manager or TPR assessor can clear the Assignment group field or change the value to select from different TPR assessors in the Owner selection list. |
| Assigned to | The individual assigned to the due diligence request. The owner is responsible for confirming that the assessment is completed in a timely fashion by the third party, reviewing their responses, and creating and resolving issues. To drive the assessment to its completion, owners are notified when an assessment reaches a particular milestone. The owner must have the TPR manager or TPR assessor role. |
| Short description, Description | Description of the request that helps others to understand the creator's intent and requirements. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Third-party name | Name of third party with which the request is associated. |
| DUNS number | Unique numeric identifier for the single business entity. A DUNS number isn’t legally required for a business. Note: In the Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table, there are two DUNs number columns: vdr_duns_number indicates the third party DUNs number and eng_duns_number indicates the engagement DUNs number. |
| Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country, Phone, Fax | Standard contact information for the third- party organization. |
| Website | URL for the third party. |
| Type | Type of third party. |


Third-party basic information (continued)
Field Description
Industry The industry in which the third party is
involved.
First name, Last name, Title, Email, Phone Standard contact information for the third-
party contact.
Engagement basic information
Engagement basic information
Field Description
Engagement name Name of engagement with which the request
is associated.
Type Type of product or service for this
engagement.
Use the corporation address Option to use the same corporation address
as the third party.
When you select the check box, auto-
populate the related fields with the third-party
organization contact information.
Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Standard contact information for the
Country, Phone, Fax engagement organization.
Use the same contact Option to use the same contact information as
the third party.
When you select the check box, the related
fields are auto-populated with the third-party
contact information.
First name, Last name, Title, Email, Phone Standard contact information for the
engagement contact who will respond to the
questionnaires.
Risk ratings
Fields are auto-populated by the current stage of the IRQ process for the request.
Field Description
Inherent assessment rating Rating determined by the IRQ process.
Risk intelligence rating Rating determined by data from a risk
intelligence service provider.
Third-party assessment rating Rating determined by responses during the
external assessment process.
Engagement rating Rating determined for the engagement.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3371
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Industry | The industry in which the third party is involved. |
| First name, Last name, Title, Email, Phone | Standard contact information for the third- party contact. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Engagement name | Name of engagement with which the request is associated. |
| Type | Type of product or service for this engagement. |
| Use the corporation address | Option to use the same corporation address as the third party. When you select the check box, auto- populate the related fields with the third-party organization contact information. |
| Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country, Phone, Fax | Standard contact information for the engagement organization. |
| Use the same contact | Option to use the same contact information as the third party. When you select the check box, the related fields are auto-populated with the third-party contact information. |
| First name, Last name, Title, Email, Phone | Standard contact information for the engagement contact who will respond to the questionnaires. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Inherent assessment rating | Rating determined by the IRQ process. |
| Risk intelligence rating | Rating determined by data from a risk intelligence service provider. |
| Third-party assessment rating | Rating determined by responses during the external assessment process. |
| Engagement rating | Rating determined for the engagement. |


Progress summary
Status of the due diligence processes. The fields are auto-populated by the current stage of each
assessment for the due diligence request.
•Inherent risk assessment
•Third-party risk assessment
•Engagement risk assessment
Compose, Activity, Attachments
The Compose section on the Details tab enables you to permanently add text to the record. The
Activity section is updated with any actions on issues and tasks, submissions to TP contacts, and
also with work notes and comments that users add to the record. Add text in the following fields
as needed:
•Work notes (Private): Information about the third-party risk assessment. Work notes are
visible only to internal users who are assigned to the process.
•Comments: Comments about the third-party risk assessment are visible both to internal users
and to third-party contacts.
Related topics
Requesting third-party risk due diligence
Request due diligence for a third-party engagement
Offboarding an engagement without conducting due diligence
Request third-party risk due diligence request form
Create New Third-party engagement form
Request third-party risk due diligence request form
The due diligence request form captures all the initial information that you need to start the due
diligence process. Any employee within your organization can request due diligence. If you’re
selecting an existing third party, a significant portion of the information is automatically filled in.
Request third-party risk due diligence form
Field Description
Third-party information section
Name, Standard information for the parent organization.
DUNS
number, A DUNS number isn’t legally required for a business.
Phone,
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3372
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Third-party information section |  |


Request third-party risk due diligence form (continued)
Field Description
Industry, Note:
Website,
•The third party that you identify here might be the target of your request,
and Fax
or it might be the parent of the organization that you engage with. You
add the information about the engagement organization in the following
Engagement address section.
•In the Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table, there
are two DUNs number columns: vdr_duns_number indicates the third
party DUNs number and eng_duns_number indicates the engagement
DUNs number.
Engagement information section
Name
Name that identifies this engagement on all forms and lists.
Type Type of product or service that the engaged organization provides.
Phone / Phone and fax numbers of the department or subsidiary organization that the
Fax engagement relates to. This number could differ from the number for the parent
third party.
Request Date by which you need the engagement to be active so that you can engage
start date with the third party. This information helps the Third-party risk (TPR) manager to
prioritize your request.
Request Date at which you expect to end the engagement.
end date
User Person with the IRQ assessor role who should respond to the IRQ. For more
who will information, see Respond to an internal assessment.
respond to
the initial Note: While reviewing this request for due diligence, the TPR manager or
IRQ owner can specify a different user.
Third-party address section
Street,
City, State/ Standard address information for the parent organization.
Province,
ZIP/Postal
code,
Country
Engagement address section
Street,
City, State/ Standard address information for the engagement organization.
Province,
Select Same as third-party address if the target of your engagement request is
ZIP/Postal
the parent third-party organization.
code,
Country
Third-party primary contact section
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3373
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Industry, Website, and Fax | Note: •The third party that you identify here might be the target of your request, or it might be the parent of the organization that you engage with. You add the information about the engagement organization in the following Engagement address section. •In the Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table, there are two DUNs number columns: vdr_duns_number indicates the third party DUNs number and eng_duns_number indicates the engagement DUNs number. | Note: •The third party that you identify here might be the target of your request, or it might be the parent of the organization that you engage with. You add the information about the engagement organization in the following Engagement address section. •In the Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table, there are two DUNs number columns: vdr_duns_number indicates the third party DUNs number and eng_duns_number indicates the engagement DUNs number. |
| Engagement information section |  |  |
| Name | Name that identifies this engagement on all forms and lists. |  |
| Type | Type of product or service that the engaged organization provides. |  |
| Phone / Fax | Phone and fax numbers of the department or subsidiary organization that the engagement relates to. This number could differ from the number for the parent third party. |  |
| Request start date | Date by which you need the engagement to be active so that you can engage with the third party. This information helps the Third-party risk (TPR) manager to prioritize your request. |  |
| Request end date | Date at which you expect to end the engagement. |  |
| User who will respond to the initial IRQ | Person with the IRQ assessor role who should respond to the IRQ. For more information, see Respond to an internal assessment. Note: While reviewing this request for due diligence, the TPR manager or owner can specify a different user. |  |
| Third-party address section |  |  |
| Street, City, State/ Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country | Standard address information for the parent organization. |  |
| Engagement address section |  |  |
| Street, City, State/ Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country | Standard address information for the engagement organization. Select Same as third-party address if the target of your engagement request is the parent third-party organization. |  |
| Third-party primary contact section |  |  |
