# Third-party (external) risk assessment management

*Pages 398–412*

Internal assessment form (continued)
Field Description
Actual The amount of time it took to complete the third-party risk assessment. This field
duration is calculated using the Actual state date and Actual end date.
Actual start Date and time that work on the assessment began.
date
Actual end Completion date and time for the assessment.
date
Notes and Comments
Work notes Information about the assessment. Work notes are visible to users assigned to
the issue.
Additional Public information about the assessment.
comments
(Customer
visible)
Related topics
Create an external assessment template
Third-party (external) risk assessment management
After the IRQ process is complete, you send questionnaires and document requests to the third-
party contact. You manage the third-party risk assessment by working with the contacts to help
ensure that the responses are complete and accurate.
Accessing an external assessment
On the Due diligence management page, select the DDR number for any engagement due
diligence request and the select the External assessments tab. The tab displays the list of all
third-party risk assessments (external due diligence processes) for the selected engagement
request.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3380
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Actual duration | The amount of time it took to complete the third-party risk assessment. This field is calculated using the Actual state date and Actual end date. |
| Actual start date | Date and time that work on the assessment began. |
| Actual end date | Completion date and time for the assessment. |
| Notes and Comments |  |
| Work notes | Information about the assessment. Work notes are visible to users assigned to the issue. |
| Additional comments (Customer visible) | Public information about the assessment. |


Working on a third-party risk assessment
For each external risk assessment, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with
the text VRA. A risk assessment can represent the work on an engagement request for a third-
party organization or an engagement request for a group within the parent organization. Select a
VRA number to work on the risk assessment on the External assessments tab.
Actions on any tab
Actions
Action Description
Discuss Select Discuss to send a message to other
users. The message is recorded in the Activity
section of the Details tab.
Create Create an issue or task as describe in the
following sections.
Save Select Save to save any change you made to a
value on any tab.
Submit to third party Submit all questionnaires and document
requests to the TP contact. The action is
recorded in the Activity section on the Details
tab.
… Delete Select Delete to delete the record of the
engagement request.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3381
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Action | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Discuss | Select Discuss to send a message to other users. The message is recorded in the Activity section of the Details tab. |
| Create | Create an issue or task as describe in the following sections. |
| Save | Select Save to save any change you made to a value on any tab. |
| Submit to third party | Submit all questionnaires and document requests to the TP contact. The action is recorded in the Activity section on the Details tab. |
| … Delete | Select Delete to delete the record of the engagement request. |


Actions (continued)
Action Description
Adding an attachment
Select Browse in the Attachments section or
select the attachment icon to select and add
an attachment.
Working on third-party risk assessments
Risk overview tab on the External assessments page
•The symbols indicate the current state of the external assessment process for
the engagement request. See Life cycle states of a external assessment for
descriptions of the states.
•Overview section: List of assessments that are associated with the engagement.
•Questionnaires and document requests section: List of questionnaires and
document requests for the engagement.
•Fourth-party questionnaires section: List of questionnaires and document
requests for fourth parties and their sub-parties that are associated with the
engagement.
•Tracking section: Count of assessments associated with the third party that are in
the Open, Overdue, and Closed status.
Details tab on the External assessments page
•Third-party risk assessment section: General information on the third party plus
schedules for the overall assessment and questionnaire due dates from the
engagement due diligence request.
•The Compose section on the Details tab enables you to permanently add text to
the record. The Activity section is updated with any actions on issues and tasks,
submissions to TP contacts, and also with work notes and comments that users
add to the record. Add text in the following fields as needed:
◦Work notes (Private): Information about the third-party risk assessment. Work
notes are visible only to internal users who are assigned to the process.
◦Comments: Comments about the third-party risk assessment are visible both to
internal users and to third-party contacts.
Questionnaire templates tab on the External assessments page
The tab lists the questionnaires that the third-party contact will respond to. Select
a name to view the details. For more information, see Create a questionnaire or
document request template and Create a questionnaire or document request
template using the Designer.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3382
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Action | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Adding an attachment | Select Browse in the Attachments section or select the attachment icon to select and add an attachment. |


To enable TPR assessors to modify responses, configure the Allow
TPR assessors to modify responses in third-party questionnaires
[sn_svdp.allow_assessor_edit] system property. You can set the following
options:
•Enable TPR assessors to answer questions or modify responses (default)
•Enable TPR assessors to modify responses
•Do not enable TPR assessors to answer questions or modify responses
See Configure TPRM properties.
Document templates tab on the External assessments page
The tab lists the requests for documents that the third-party contact should return.
The information in the columns helps you to prioritize your work in following up
with third-party contact. In particular, the state and percent complete values are
key indicators. Select a name to view the details. For more information, see Create
a questionnaire or document request template and Create a questionnaire or
document request template using the Designer.
Fourth-party templates tab on the External assessments page
The tab lists the fourth-party questionnaires that the third-party contact will respond
to. Select a name to view the details. For more information, see Monitoring your
fourth-nth parties.
Third-party risk areas tab on the External assessments page
A risk domain defines the type of risk to assess for a third party. For example, you
might want to assess a data-management third party in terms of security risk and a
bank in terms of financial risk. Security risk and financial risk are risk domains. Some
platform applications refer to risk domains as "risk areas." See Define a third-party
risk domain.
Issues tab on the External assessments page
In an iterative process, before the TPR manager closes an assessment, the TPR
manager can generate non-compliance issues and tasks. The TPR manager
communicates with the TP contacts and engagement contacts by using comments
to close the issues and tasks. The TPR manager can also assign different contacts
as needed. See Create an issue for a third party or engagement and Manage issues.
Tasks tab on the External assessments page
In an iterative process, before the TPR manager closes an assessment, the TPR
manager can generate non-compliance issues and tasks. The TPR manager
communicates with the TP contacts and engagement contacts by using comments
to close the issues and tasks. The TPR manager can also assign different contacts
as needed. See Create a task for a third party or engagement and Manage a task for
a third party or engagement.
Related topics
Life cycle states of a external assessment
Define a third-party risk domain
Manage issues
Manage a task for a third party or engagement
Assessment metric type form
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3383
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Third-party risk assessment form
Third-party element form
Life cycle states of a external assessment
The process of collecting assessment data from a third party moves between several states. For
example, during the Submitted to third party state, the third party responds to tasks, issues, and
works to complete the questionnaires.
Third-party assessment states
Third-party assessment states
Draft
An external assessment record is opened in the Draft state.
•Assessment template: A set of external questionnaires and document requests
that are auto-generated based on IRQ responses. Alternatively, an administrator
could manually specify the questionnaires and document requests.
•Risk rating: The overall risk rating that is auto-generated based on IRQ
responses.
•Owner: The owner is the person who owns an assessment for audit purposes
and monitors and manages overall assessment processes. Owners are
responsible for confirming that the assessment is completed in a timely fashion
by the third party, reviewing their responses, and creating and resolving issues. To
drive the assessment to its completion, owners are notified when an assessment
reaches a particular milestone. The owner must have the TPR manager or TPR
assessor role.
Submitted to third party
The questionnaires and document requests for the assessment have been sent to
the third-party contact. Internal stakeholders await responses.
Responses received
After contacts at the third party have completed all questionnaires and document
requests, your internal third-party risk team reviews and analyzes the responses.
The team might return particular questions for follow-up, clarification, or missing
answers.
Generating observations
When all responses are completed, the system can auto-generate issues for
incorrect answers.
Third-party contacts respond to issues. Your internal third-party risk team makes a
final determination to accept the responses or remediate the issues.
Finalizing with a third party
Your third-party risk team reviews all assessment data. In some cases, the team
resets the assessment to the Draft state to restart the assessment life cycle.
Closed
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3384
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

When all data is acceptable, the assessment is complete and a member of the team
closes the assessment. If the engagement will be contracted, the Closed state
initiates the contract risk process.
Assessment metric type form
Use the assessment metric type form to capture all the information that you need to create a
questionnaire template using the Third-party Risk Management application. As a third-party risk
admin, you can create a questionnaire template.
Assessment Metric Type form
Field Description
Name The name of the template.
Third-party
risk area Select the third-party risk domain that applies to the type of third party that will
receive the questionnaire or document request. For example, if you select the
Security risk domain, then only third parties that are assigned that risk domain will
receive the questionnaire or document request.
For more information, see Define a third-party risk domain.
Third-party Option to require the third party's primary contact to provide an electronic
signature signature in the Third-party portal.
required
Note: You can use electronic signatures to certify that the third-party
contact has successfully reviewed and approved the questionnaire
responses or document request.
Reviewer Option to require the reviewer to review the validity of the assessment responses
signature and provide an electronic signature as final approval.
required
Description A description for the template.
Include
previous Option to pre-populate the questionnaire with responses from a completed
responses questionnaire (state is Complete).
Important: If you have the TPR assessor
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] role, you can override the option that is
specified in the questionnaire template while editing a questionnaire.
The entry in the Third-party portal notifies the third-party contact that responses
were copied. The notification includes a link to the assessment that supplied the
responses and its last updated date.
•The responses are populated when the new questionnaire is submitted to the
third-party contact.
•The source questionnaire must be based on the same template as the current
questionnaire.
•The responses are populated from the most recently completed questionnaire.
•Answers of the attachment, duration, and signature type aren’t copied.
•The setting can’t be changed after the questionnaire is sent to the third party.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3385
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | The name of the template. |
| Third-party risk area | Select the third-party risk domain that applies to the type of third party that will receive the questionnaire or document request. For example, if you select the Security risk domain, then only third parties that are assigned that risk domain will receive the questionnaire or document request. For more information, see Define a third-party risk domain. |
| Third-party signature required | Option to require the third party's primary contact to provide an electronic signature in the Third-party portal. Note: You can use electronic signatures to certify that the third-party contact has successfully reviewed and approved the questionnaire responses or document request. |
| Reviewer signature required | Option to require the reviewer to review the validity of the assessment responses and provide an electronic signature as final approval. |
| Description | A description for the template. |


Assessment Metric Type form (continued)
Field Description
To specify the maximum age for source questionnaires,
configure the Maximum age for reusing responses
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.max_age_for_questionnaire_reuse system
property. See Configure TPRM properties.
Related topics
Create a questionnaire or document request template
Create a questionnaire or document request template using the Designer
Assessing your third-party risk
Create new external assessment template form
Use the external assessment template form to capture all the information that you need to create
an external assessment template. As a third-party risk manager, you can create an assessment
template.
Assessment Templates form
Field Description
Name Name of the assessment template.
Assessment The number of days that the default assessment will be valid.
results valid
duration
(days)
Assessment Time provided for the entire external assessment to be completed.
duration
(days)
Questionnaire Time allocated for the assessor to complete the questionnaire portion of the
duration assessment.
(days)
Questionnaire Time allocated for the third-party risk admin to review the responses provided
review to questionnaire.
duration
(days)
Created by User who created the template.
Created Time when the template was created.
Updated Time when the template was last updated.
Supports Option that indicates that the assessment template can be used with the Smart
smart Assessment Engine.
assessment
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3386
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | To specify the maximum age for source questionnaires, configure the Maximum age for reusing responses sn_vdr_risk_asmt.max_age_for_questionnaire_reuse system property. See Configure TPRM properties. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assessment template. |
| Assessment results valid duration (days) | The number of days that the default assessment will be valid. |
| Assessment duration (days) | Time provided for the entire external assessment to be completed. |
| Questionnaire duration (days) | Time allocated for the assessor to complete the questionnaire portion of the assessment. |
| Questionnaire review duration (days) | Time allocated for the third-party risk admin to review the responses provided to questionnaire. |
| Created by | User who created the template. |
| Created | Time when the template was created. |
| Updated | Time when the template was last updated. |


Assessment Templates form (continued)
Field Description
Note: For existing assessments, this option is not set when there are
classic questionnaire and document request templates that have not
been migrated and published. This option is set automatically when
an SAE questionnaire or document request template has been added
manually.
When you create a new assessment template and have the Smart
Assessment Engine property enabled, this field is selected by default
after saving the template.
Description Description of the assessment.
Questionnaire templates
Name Name of the questionnaire template.
Third-party
risk area The third-party risk area that applies to this questionnaire template.
Description Description of the questionnaire template.
Document request templates
Name Name of the document request template.
Third-party
risk area The third-party risk area that applies to this document request template.
Description Description of the document request template.
SAE Questionnaire templates
Name Name of the questionnaire template.
Third-party
risk area The third-party risk area that applies to this questionnaire template.
Description Description of the questionnaire template.
SAE Document templates
Name Name of the document request template.
Third-party
risk area The third-party risk area that applies to this document request template.
Description Description of the document request template.
Related topics
Create an external assessment template
Create New TPRM SAE questionnaire template form
Use the Create New TPRM questionnaire template form to capture all the information that you
need to create a TPRM SAE questionnaire template using the Smart Assessment template
designer. As a third-party risk admin, you can create a questionnaire template.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3387
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Note: For existing assessments, this option is not set when there are classic questionnaire and document request templates that have not been migrated and published. This option is set automatically when an SAE questionnaire or document request template has been added manually. When you create a new assessment template and have the Smart Assessment Engine property enabled, this field is selected by default after saving the template. |
| Description | Description of the assessment. |
| Questionnaire templates |  |
| Name | Name of the questionnaire template. |
| Third-party risk area | The third-party risk area that applies to this questionnaire template. |
| Description | Description of the questionnaire template. |
| Document request templates |  |
| Name | Name of the document request template. |
| Third-party risk area | The third-party risk area that applies to this document request template. |
| Description | Description of the document request template. |
| SAE Questionnaire templates |  |
| Name | Name of the questionnaire template. |
| Third-party risk area | The third-party risk area that applies to this questionnaire template. |
| Description | Description of the questionnaire template. |
| SAE Document templates |  |
| Name | Name of the document request template. |
| Third-party risk area | The third-party risk area that applies to this document request template. |
| Description | Description of the document request template. |


Create New TPRM questionnaire template form
Field Description
Template name Unique meaningful name for the template.
Third-party risk area
The third-party risk area that applies to this
questionnaire template.
Note: This option is only available
when you create an internal or external
questionnaire template using the Vendor
Management Workspace.
Purpose
Purpose for the new template.
Note: Known as Template
classifications in the Classic assessment
engine, TPRM has a Purpose for each
classic template classification.
TPRM purpose options include:
•TPRM external 3rd-party element
questionnaire
•TPRM external 4th-party questionnaire
•TPRM external document request
•TPRM external questionnaire
•TPRM internal IRQ
•TPRM internal tiering questionnaire
To view a TPRM TPRM questionnaire
template you must have the
TPR assessment reviewer role
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer].
For more information on creating assessment
template purposes, see Create an assessment
template category
Note: You can create an assessment
only from a published assessment
template.
Include previous responses
Option to pre-populate the questionnaire with
responses from a completed questionnaire
(state is Complete).
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3388
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Template name | Unique meaningful name for the template. |
| Third-party risk area | The third-party risk area that applies to this questionnaire template. Note: This option is only available when you create an internal or external questionnaire template using the Vendor Management Workspace. |
| Purpose | Purpose for the new template. Note: Known as Template classifications in the Classic assessment engine, TPRM has a Purpose for each classic template classification. TPRM purpose options include: •TPRM external 3rd-party element questionnaire •TPRM external 4th-party questionnaire •TPRM external document request •TPRM external questionnaire •TPRM internal IRQ •TPRM internal tiering questionnaire To view a TPRM TPRM questionnaire template you must have the TPR assessment reviewer role [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewe For more information on creating assessment template purposes, see Create an assessment template category Note: You can create an assessment only from a published assessment template. |


Create New TPRM questionnaire template form (continued)
Field Description
Important: If you
have the TPR assessor
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor]
role, you can override the option that is
specified in the questionnaire template
while editing a questionnaire in the draft
state.
The entry in the Third-party portal notifies
the third-party contact that responses were
copied. The notification includes a link to the
assessment that supplied the responses and
its last updated date.
•The responses are populated when the new
questionnaire is submitted to the third-party
contact.
•The source questionnaire must be based
on the same template as the current
questionnaire.
•The responses are populated from the most
recently completed questionnaire.
•Answers of the attachment, duration, and
signature type aren’t copied.
•The setting can’t be changed after the
questionnaire is sent to the third party.
To specify the maximum age for
source questionnaires, configure the
Maximum age for reusing responses
sn_vdr_risk_asmt.max_age_for_questionnaire_reuse
system property. See Configure TPRM
properties.
Note: This option is only available
when you create a questionnaire
template using the Vendor Management
Workspace.
Instructions Information that a responder might find useful
when responding to a questionnaire.
Related topics
Create a TPRM SAE questionnaire or document request template
Third-party risk assessment form
Use the third-party risk assessment form to capture all the information that you need to create an
assessment using the Third-party Risk Management application. As a third-party risk assessor or
manager, you can create an external assessment.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3389
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Important: If you have the TPR assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] role, you can override the option that is specified in the questionnaire template while editing a questionnaire in the draft state. The entry in the Third-party portal notifies the third-party contact that responses were copied. The notification includes a link to the assessment that supplied the responses and its last updated date. •The responses are populated when the new questionnaire is submitted to the third-party contact. •The source questionnaire must be based on the same template as the current questionnaire. •The responses are populated from the most recently completed questionnaire. •Answers of the attachment, duration, and signature type aren’t copied. •The setting can’t be changed after the questionnaire is sent to the third party. To specify the maximum age for source questionnaires, configure the Maximum age for reusing responses sn_vdr_risk_asmt.max_age_for_que system property. See Configure TPRM properties. Note: This option is only available when you create a questionnaire template using the Vendor Management Workspace. | Important: If you have the TPR assessor [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessor] role, you can override the option that is specified in the questionnaire template while editing a questionnaire in the draft state. |
| Instructions | Information that a responder might find useful when responding to a questionnaire. |  |



| sn_vdr_risk_asmt.max_age_for_que | stionnaire_reuse |
| --- | --- |


Third-party risk assessment form
Field Description
Name The name that identifies the third-party risk assessment on all forms and lists.
Description A more detailed explanation of the purpose of the assessment.
Number
For each external risk assessment, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number
that starts with the text VRA.
The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID to search
or filter for the item that you want to work on.
Applies to The party to which the assessment applies: Third party, Engagement, Entity.
Third party The assessed third party.
Note: You can reactivate a third party that is in Terminated status. If such
a request is accepted and closed, the third party's status is changed to
Active.
Engagement Select the engagement to assess. The field is visible only if you selected
Engagement from the Applies to field.
Entity Select the entity to assess. The field is visible only if you selected Entity from the
Applies to field.
Note: This is an entity record created as part of the third-party element
collection process. For more information, see Monitoring third-party
elements.
Repeating The assessment used to create the current assessment.
assessment
Note: You can create repeating assessments if you’re using the classic
assessment engine. You can configure rules that auto-generate and send
questionnaires and doc requests to engagements and third parties using
the Event-driven management feature if you’re using the Smart Assessment
Engine. For more information, see Configure a risk assessment to recur
on a schedule and Event-driven management — automate assessment
processes.
Assessment
template Select an assessment template to create questionnaires or document requests
for this assessment.
To use multiple templates to create multiple questionnaires or document
requests for the assessment, leave the field empty.
Due If there’s an existing due diligence request associated with this assessment, it’s
diligence listed here.
request
Assessment The assessment engine used for the Third-party risk assessment.
Engine
This field is set to Smart.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3390
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | The name that identifies the third-party risk assessment on all forms and lists. |
| Description | A more detailed explanation of the purpose of the assessment. |
| Number | For each external risk assessment, the system auto-assigns a unique ID number that starts with the text VRA. The unique ID is used in all references to the item. You can use the ID to search or filter for the item that you want to work on. |
| Applies to | The party to which the assessment applies: Third party, Engagement, Entity. |
| Third party | The assessed third party. Note: You can reactivate a third party that is in Terminated status. If such a request is accepted and closed, the third party's status is changed to Active. |
| Engagement | Select the engagement to assess. The field is visible only if you selected Engagement from the Applies to field. |
| Entity | Select the entity to assess. The field is visible only if you selected Entity from the Applies to field. Note: This is an entity record created as part of the third-party element collection process. For more information, see Monitoring third-party elements. |
| Repeating assessment | The assessment used to create the current assessment. Note: You can create repeating assessments if you’re using the classic assessment engine. You can configure rules that auto-generate and send questionnaires and doc requests to engagements and third parties using the Event-driven management feature if you’re using the Smart Assessment Engine. For more information, see Configure a risk assessment to recur on a schedule and Event-driven management — automate assessment processes. |
| Assessment template | Select an assessment template to create questionnaires or document requests for this assessment. To use multiple templates to create multiple questionnaires or document requests for the assessment, leave the field empty. |
| Due diligence request | If there’s an existing due diligence request associated with this assessment, it’s listed here. |



|  | Configure a risk assessment to recur |
| --- | --- |
| Event-driven management — automate assessment |  |



| on a schedule |
| --- |
| processes |


Third-party risk assessment form (continued)
Field Description
This field is only visible if you have enabled the Smart Assessment Engine
enabled [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.sae_enabled] property. For more
information about this property, see Configure TPRM properties.
Note: When reviewing previous assessments, you can determine which
engine was used by checking this field. If the assessment was created
using the Classic assessment engine, the field displays Classic.
State The process of collecting assessment data from a third party transitions through
several states. See Life cycle states of a external assessment for detailed
descriptions.
Risk rating The overall risk rating for the third party.
•Critical
•High
•Moderate
•Low
•Minor
Note: The Risk rating is determined by finding a risk rating scale range in
which the risk score falls. It defines how a minimum and maximum range of
assessment scores maps to a qualitative risk score.
Risk rating The date the risk rating expires. The date must be later than the Risk rating valid
valid to to date on any associated questionnaires or document requests.
Trigger by Select the check box to initiate the assessment when the risk tier changes for
third-party the third party.
tier
Assigned to
The individual who owns an assessment for audit purposes and monitors and
manages overall assessment processes. The owner is responsible for confirming
that the assessment is completed in a timely fashion by the third party, reviewing
their responses, and creating and resolving issues. To drive the assessment
to its completion, they are notified when an assessment reaches a particular
milestone. They must have the TPR manager or TPR assessor role.
Watch list Add users that should be notified when this record is modified.
Risk Scoring
Note: Risk ratings are calculated and displayed after assessment responses have been
received.
Computed Average of the third-party risk area risk ratings.
risk rating
Issue risk The risk rating for issues associated with the third parties being assessed. The
rating issue risk rating is based on the priority of closed issues and how they were
resolved.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3391
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | This field is only visible if you have enabled the Smart Assessment Engine enabled [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.sae_enabled] property. For more information about this property, see Configure TPRM properties. Note: When reviewing previous assessments, you can determine which engine was used by checking this field. If the assessment was created using the Classic assessment engine, the field displays Classic. |
| State | The process of collecting assessment data from a third party transitions through several states. See Life cycle states of a external assessment for detailed descriptions. |
| Risk rating | The overall risk rating for the third party. •Critical •High •Moderate •Low •Minor Note: The Risk rating is determined by finding a risk rating scale range in which the risk score falls. It defines how a minimum and maximum range of assessment scores maps to a qualitative risk score. |
| Risk rating valid to | The date the risk rating expires. The date must be later than the Risk rating valid to date on any associated questionnaires or document requests. |
| Trigger by third-party tier | Select the check box to initiate the assessment when the risk tier changes for the third party. |
| Assigned to | The individual who owns an assessment for audit purposes and monitors and manages overall assessment processes. The owner is responsible for confirming that the assessment is completed in a timely fashion by the third party, reviewing their responses, and creating and resolving issues. To drive the assessment to its completion, they are notified when an assessment reaches a particular milestone. They must have the TPR manager or TPR assessor role. |
| Watch list | Add users that should be notified when this record is modified. |
| Risk Scoring Note: Risk ratings are calculated and displayed after assessment responses have been received. |  |
| Computed risk rating | Average of the third-party risk area risk ratings. |


Third-party risk assessment form (continued)
Field Description
•If the issue was Closed Completed, it indicates that the issue was resolved.
•If the issue was Closed Incomplete, it indicates that the third party failed to
complete the associated questions.
•If the issue was Closed Cancelled, it indicates that the issue didn’t need to be
resolved.
If the issue is closed and the State of the assessment isn’t closed or canceled,
the Issue risk rating is recalculated and displayed.
Note: The Computed risk rating isn’t affected by this calculation.
Override Option to override the computed risk rating for the third party. When selected,
risk rating any future changes made to the assessment risk rating affects only the
computed risk rating, not the risk rating.
Note: If the check box is selected and then deselected, the computed risk
rating is used.
Overridden Risk rating to override the current computed risk rating.
risk rating
If you selected Override risk rating, enter the new risk rating.
Justification Justification for overridden risk rating.
If you selected Override risk rating, you must enter a reason for the override.
Assessment Schedule
Planned Estimated duration of the assessment.
duration
(days) Note: This estimate includes the amount of time needed to receive
responses and for internal and external users to review.
Planned Planned start and completion dates and times for work on the assessment.
start date /
Planned Note: The Planned end date is automatically set to one month from
end date the Planned start date. After the assessment is saved, this date can’t be
changed.
Actual The amount of time it took to complete the third-party risk assessment. This field
duration is calculated using the Actual state date and Actual end date.
Actual start Date and time that work on the assessment began.
date
Actual end Completion date and time for the assessment.
date
Questionnaire Schedule
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3392
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •If the issue was Closed Completed, it indicates that the issue was resolved. •If the issue was Closed Incomplete, it indicates that the third party failed to complete the associated questions. •If the issue was Closed Cancelled, it indicates that the issue didn’t need to be resolved. If the issue is closed and the State of the assessment isn’t closed or canceled, the Issue risk rating is recalculated and displayed. Note: The Computed risk rating isn’t affected by this calculation. |
| Override risk rating | Option to override the computed risk rating for the third party. When selected, any future changes made to the assessment risk rating affects only the computed risk rating, not the risk rating. Note: If the check box is selected and then deselected, the computed risk rating is used. |
| Overridden risk rating | Risk rating to override the current computed risk rating. If you selected Override risk rating, enter the new risk rating. |
| Justification | Justification for overridden risk rating. If you selected Override risk rating, you must enter a reason for the override. |
| Assessment Schedule |  |
| Planned duration (days) | Estimated duration of the assessment. Note: This estimate includes the amount of time needed to receive responses and for internal and external users to review. |
| Planned start date / Planned end date | Planned start and completion dates and times for work on the assessment. Note: The Planned end date is automatically set to one month from the Planned start date. After the assessment is saved, this date can’t be changed. |
| Actual duration | The amount of time it took to complete the third-party risk assessment. This field is calculated using the Actual state date and Actual end date. |
| Actual start date | Date and time that work on the assessment began. |
| Actual end date | Completion date and time for the assessment. |
| Questionnaire Schedule |  |


Third-party risk assessment form (continued)
Field Description
Planned The amount of time given to the third party or engagement to complete all
duration questionnaires.
(days)
Review Time allocated for the Assessment reviewer to review all questionnaires.
duration
(days) Note: Users with the Third-party assessment reviewer
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer] role can review and leave
comments for the following:
•Tiering assessments
•Internal assessments
•External assessments
•Third-party risk issues
•Third-party risk tasks
•Third-party risk due diligence requests
Submitted Delivery date for third party questionnaires.
to third party
Due date Deadline for third party to respond to and return all questionnaires.
Note: The Due date is set to a duration of 10 days by default. You can
extend the due date of a questionnaire by increasing the Planned duration
(days); however, the Planned end date of the assessment won’t be
updated.
Completion Actual date when third party completed all questionnaires.
date
Responses The date that your organization expects the responses to be returned by the
expected by third-party contact.
Notes and Comments
Work notes Information about the assessment. Work notes are visible to users assigned to
the issue.
Additional Public information about the assessment.
comments
(Customer
visible)
Related topics
Assessing your third-party risk
Third-party element form
Use the third-party element form to capture all the information that you need to create a third-
party element record using the Third-party Risk Management application. As a third-party risk
manager, third-party risk assessor, or due diligence request owner, you can create a third-party
element record.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3393
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Planned duration (days) | The amount of time given to the third party or engagement to complete all questionnaires. |
| Review duration (days) | Time allocated for the Assessment reviewer to review all questionnaires. Note: Users with the Third-party assessment reviewer [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_assessment_reviewer] role can review and leave comments for the following: •Tiering assessments •Internal assessments •External assessments •Third-party risk issues •Third-party risk tasks •Third-party risk due diligence requests |
| Submitted to third party | Delivery date for third party questionnaires. |
| Due date | Deadline for third party to respond to and return all questionnaires. Note: The Due date is set to a duration of 10 days by default. You can extend the due date of a questionnaire by increasing the Planned duration (days); however, the Planned end date of the assessment won’t be updated. |
| Completion date | Actual date when third party completed all questionnaires. |
| Responses expected by | The date that your organization expects the responses to be returned by the third-party contact. |
| Notes and Comments |  |
| Work notes | Information about the assessment. Work notes are visible to users assigned to the issue. |
| Additional comments (Customer visible) | Public information about the assessment. |


Third-party element form
Field Description
Name
Name that identifies this third-party element on all forms and
lists.
Classification
Type of third-party element:
•Facility
•Product
•Principal
•Other
Note: This selection determines which scoring model
is applied to the third-party element. You can create new
third-party element classifications by navigating to All >
Third-party Risk Management > Third-party Elements >
Classifications.
Description
Text that explains and clarifies the background of the third-party
element.
Notes Additional information about the third-party element.
Alternate name
Alternate name to refer to the third-party element.
An alternate name could be a simplified, branded, or localized
name that differs from the official name that was provided by the
third party.
Created by User who created the third-party element.
Contact details section
First name, Last name,
Contact department, Standard contact information for the person at the third-party
Contact title, Contact phone, organization who acts as the primary third-party contact.
and Contact email
For a description of the responsibilities of the third-party contact
role, see Roles in Third-party Risk Management.
Street, City, State/Province,
ZIP/Postal code, Country Standard address information for third-party organization.
Latitude and Longitude
Values that are used to mark the location on the Risk
concentration map. For more information, see TPRM Risk
concentration map.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3394
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name that identifies this third-party element on all forms and lists. |
| Classification | Type of third-party element: •Facility •Product •Principal •Other Note: This selection determines which scoring model is applied to the third-party element. You can create new third-party element classifications by navigating to All > Third-party Risk Management > Third-party Elements > Classifications. |
| Description | Text that explains and clarifies the background of the third-party element. |
| Notes | Additional information about the third-party element. |
| Alternate name | Alternate name to refer to the third-party element. An alternate name could be a simplified, branded, or localized name that differs from the official name that was provided by the third party. |
| Created by | User who created the third-party element. |
| Contact details section |  |
| First name, Last name, Contact department, Contact title, Contact phone, and Contact email | Standard contact information for the person at the third-party organization who acts as the primary third-party contact. For a description of the responsibilities of the third-party contact role, see Roles in Third-party Risk Management. |
| Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country | Standard address information for third-party organization. |
| Latitude and Longitude | Values that are used to mark the location on the Risk concentration map. For more information, see TPRM Risk concentration map. |
