# Approval process management

*Pages 413–417*

Related topics
Monitoring third-party elements
Create a third-party element record
Add a third-party element record to an engagement
Approval process management
You can view the list of users who can approve or reject a DD request and also view the details of
their approval actions. In addition, you can view the approval levels for a request.
Approval process
During the approval process, each aspect of risk is analyzed by the appropriate internal
stakeholders. All internal stakeholders (approvers) review the questionnaire responses and
supporting documents from the third-party and engagement contacts. If the responses are good,
one or more approvers approves and then closes the DD request. If a contract will be prepared,
the approved request moves to the Contract Risk process.
Accessing the Due diligence management page
You can access the Due diligence management page from many locations by selecting the DDR
number for any DD request. Select either the Approvers tab or the Approval levels tab.
Approvers tab
The tab lists the users that have responded to the engagement request. Select the State value to
view the details of the approval action that the approver performed.
The state of the approval can be one of the following values:
•Not yet requested
•Requested
•Approved
•Rejected
•Cancelled
•No longer required
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3395
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Select the State value for a request to view the Details tab for the request.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3396
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Approval levels tab
Note: For more information on how Third-party risk (TPR) admins can set approval
levels and rules, see Set up the approval levels for due diligence requests and Set up the
approval rules for due diligence requests.
Approval business rules
If you have the TPR admin [sn_vdr_risk_asmt.vendor_risk_admin] role, you can view all business
rules by navigating to All > System Definition > Business Rules.
The following business rules are included when the Third-party Risk Due Diligence [sn_tprm_dd]
application is activated.
Third-party risk due diligence business rules
Business rule Source table Description
Create approval records Third-party due diligence Creates approval records
request [sn_tprm_dd_request] for the evaluated approvers,
setting the first record to
Requested and subsequent
records to Not yet requested
when the due diligence
request state updates to
Awaiting for approval.
Roll up approval and update Approval [sn_tprm_approval] Marks next approval record
DD as Requested if multiple
approvals are required. If all
required approval records
are approved, then the due
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3397
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Business rule | Source table | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Create approval records | Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] | Creates approval records for the evaluated approvers, setting the first record to Requested and subsequent records to Not yet requested when the due diligence request state updates to Awaiting for approval. |


Third-party risk due diligence business rules (continued)
Business rule Source table Description
diligence record state is
updated to Approved.
Cancel existing approvals Third-party due diligence Cancels approval requests
request [sn_tprm_dd_request] if the state of the approval
record is updated to No longer
required.
Related topics
Approving or rejecting requests for due diligence
Set up the approval levels for due diligence requests
Set up the approval rules for due diligence requests
Approval rule form
Approval rule form
The approval rule form captures all the information needed to create an approval rule. An admin
or third-party risk admin can create an approval rule.
Approval Rule form
Field Description
Name
Name of the approval rule.
Source Table to which the approval rule is applied.
Third-party due diligence request
[sn_tprm_dd_request] table is the source table
for due diligence requests.
Query using field
Field that connects the approving table and
the source table.
Note: This field is only required if you’re
not using the Third-party due diligence
request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table as a
source.
Additional condition
Filter conditions that you can apply on the
source table.
These filter conditions determine when the
rule is applied.
Approver type
Type of approver:
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3398
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Business rule | Source table | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | diligence record state is updated to Approved. |
| Cancel existing approvals | Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] | Cancels approval requests if the state of the approval record is updated to No longer required. |



| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the approval rule. |
| Source | Table to which the approval rule is applied. Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table is the source table for due diligence requests. |
| Query using field | Field that connects the approving table and the source table. Note: This field is only required if you’re not using the Third-party due diligence request [sn_tprm_dd_request] table as a source. |
| Additional condition | Filter conditions that you can apply on the source table. These filter conditions determine when the rule is applied. |


Approval Rule form (continued)
Field Description
•Specific approvers: Your choice of
approvers.
•Approver from source: Users or groups from
the source table.
•Dynamic approvers: Approvers that are
selected dynamically from any table.
•Scripted approvers: Script to determine your
approvers. In the following example, a new
approval rule record is shown with Scripted
approvers as the selected Approver type.
A script is started where you can update the
parent, users, and groups parameters.
Note:
For security reasons, a user with the
admin role doesn’t have write access
to the Script field on the Approval Rule
form. Only the Approver Configurator
developer has create and write access
to the Script field on the Approval Rule
form.
If you have the admin role, you can set up
an approval rule only with the following
types of approvers from the Approver
type list:
•Specific approvers
•Approver from source
For more information on the roles in the
GRC: Approver Configurator application,
see Roles installed with GRC: Approver
Configurator.
Approval required from
Any user or all stakeholders from whom the
approval is required.
Description
Brief note that describes the approval rule.
Approvers
Approvers from Approver table.
This field is available only if the Approver
type is Approver from source or Dynamic
approvers. This field defaults to the source
table if the approver is from the source table.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3399
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Specific approvers: Your choice of approvers. •Approver from source: Users or groups from the source table. •Dynamic approvers: Approvers that are selected dynamically from any table. •Scripted approvers: Script to determine your approvers. In the following example, a new approval rule record is shown with Scripted approvers as the selected Approver type. A script is started where you can update the parent, users, and groups parameters. Note: For security reasons, a user with the admin role doesn’t have write access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. Only the Approver Configurator developer has create and write access to the Script field on the Approval Rule form. If you have the admin role, you can set up an approval rule only with the following types of approvers from the Approver type list: •Specific approvers •Approver from source For more information on the roles in the GRC: Approver Configurator application, see Roles installed with GRC: Approver Configurator. |
| Approval required from | Any user or all stakeholders from whom the approval is required. |
| Description | Brief note that describes the approval rule. |
| Approvers |  |
| Approvers from | Approver table. This field is available only if the Approver type is Approver from source or Dynamic approvers. This field defaults to the source table if the approver is from the source table. |
