# Domain separation and Third-party Risk Management

*Pages 450–450*

Domain separation and Third-party Risk Management
Domain separation is supported for TPRM. Domain separation enables you to separate data,
processes, and administrative tasks into logical groupings called domains. You can control
several aspects of this separation, including which users can see and access data.
Support level: Basic
•Business logic: Ensure that data goes into the proper domain for the application’s service
provider use cases.
•The application supports domain separation at run time. The domain separation includes
separation from the user interface, cache keys, reporting, rollups, and aggregations.
•The owner of the instance must set up the application to function across multiple tenants.
Sample use case: When a service provider (SP) uses chat to respond to a tenant-customer’s
message, the customer must be able to see the SP's response.
For more information on support levels, see Application support for domain separation .
Domain separation overview
®
The ServiceNow GRC: Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) application enables you
to proactively identify, assess, and mitigate risks that are associated with your third-party
relationships. TPRM provides a centralized process for managing your portfolio of third parties,
assessing and scoring risk, and performing remediation. TPRM supports domain separation at
the basic level (level 0 or data level). Your Managed Service Provider can configure TPRM at the
process level of domain separation.
How domain separation works in TPRM
•All TPRM tables support the data level of domain separation. No special setup is needed
except for adding the domain-related columns to form views or list views.
•When TPRM is installed to an instance where domain separation is activated, all TPRM data
is automatically domain-separated. See the platform domain separation documentation for
details.
Use cases
Tenant domains manage their own application data in the same way as data is managed on an
instance.
Domain-separated tables
There is no Domain column in TPRM application tables.
All TPRM tables support data-level domain separation with sys_domain and sys_domain_path
columns.
Related topics
Domain separation for service providers
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3432
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.