# Vendor Risk Overview reports — Legacy view

*Pages 451–453*

Vendor Risk Overview reports — Legacy view
The Vendor Risk Overview page is replaced by the third-party risk reports on the Vendor
Management Workspace.
Viewing the reports
To open the Vendor Risk Overview, navigate to All > Third-party Risk Management > Overview.
The page displays reports that provide insights into your third-party risk management program.
The
The more complete IRQ process replaces tiering
In the TPRM application, the IRQ is an internal questionnaire that improves the original tiering
assessment process. IRQs enhance internal risk assessments with increased flexibility, control,
and scalability. Unlike a tiering assessment where external questionnaires are determined
solely by the risk tier, an IRQ can dynamically trigger external questionnaires based on both
respondents' answers and risk tier.
To enable a seamless transition to TPRM, you have the option to duplicate existing tiering
assessments and designate them as IRQ internal assessments. Risk tiering is supported as an
unchanging legacy process.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3433
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

Vendor Risk Overview — Vendor tab
Reports on the Vendor tab
Report Description
Total Vendors Total number of third parties.
Open Tiering Assessments Number of third parties with active tiering assessments open.
Open Risk Assessments Number of third parties with active risk assessments open.
Past Tiering Assessments Number of third parties that have not completed the tiering
assessment within the assessment time frame.
Tier-Recommended Risk Number of third parties performing risk assessments based
Assessments on tiering.
Vendor Classification by Tier Donut report showing the number of third parties assigned to
each risk tier.
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3434
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Report | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Total Vendors | Total number of third parties. |
| Open Tiering Assessments | Number of third parties with active tiering assessments open. |
| Open Risk Assessments | Number of third parties with active risk assessments open. |
| Past Tiering Assessments | Number of third parties that have not completed the tiering assessment within the assessment time frame. |
| Tier-Recommended Risk Assessments | Number of third parties performing risk assessments based on tiering. |
| Vendor Classification by Tier | Donut report showing the number of third parties assigned to each risk tier. |


Reports on the Vendor tab (continued)
Report Description
Vendors Performing Risk Number of third parties with active tiering-based risk
Assessment Based on Tiering assessments sorted by third-party risk.
Open Issues by Priority All third-party risk open issues sorted by priority.
Vendors by Risk Rating Number of third parties sorted by risk rating.
Upcoming Vendor Risk Number of third-party risk assessments scheduled.
Assessments
Vendor-related Policy All policy exceptions generated from third-party risk issues.
Exceptions
Vendor Risk Overview — Engagement tab
Reports on the Engagement tab
Report Description
Total Engagements Total number of engagements.
Open Tiering Number of engagements with active tiering assessments open.
Assessments
© 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. 3435
ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.


| Report | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Vendors Performing Risk Assessment Based on Tiering | Number of third parties with active tiering-based risk assessments sorted by third-party risk. |
| Open Issues by Priority | All third-party risk open issues sorted by priority. |
| Vendors by Risk Rating | Number of third parties sorted by risk rating. |
| Upcoming Vendor Risk Assessments | Number of third-party risk assessments scheduled. |
| Vendor-related Policy Exceptions | All policy exceptions generated from third-party risk issues. |



| Report | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Total Engagements | Total number of engagements. |
| Open Tiering Assessments | Number of engagements with active tiering assessments open. |
