### Emergency notifications in Everbridge

*Source: Business Continuity Management documentation, pages 53–54.*


---

Alert actions
To act on a critical alert from the Crisis map dashboard, see Configure alert actions.
•For information on the administrative tasks for Crisis map, see Setup for Crisis map.
•To search for locations on the Crisis map, you must set the
sn_bcm_map.use_google_places_lib system property. For more information, see
Properties installed with BCM.
Crisis map
For information on managing the alerts in Crisis map, see Structured workflows for Crisis map.
Emergency notifications in Everbridge
You can integrate Crisis Management in the BCM application with Everbridge notifications
system. You can then send an emergency notification to an individual or a group of people
alerting them of an impending emergency. It provides a one-way notification and two-way
communication through properly established delivery channels.
Crisis Management in Business Continuity Management application uses Everbridge to direct
certain crisis response activities. This integration helps to send notifications about critical events
to stakeholders and coordinates responses from them in an effective two-way delivery channel.
To send a notification, you need correct contacts, groups, and delivery channels. Delivery
channels are created and stored in Everbridge and you have to import those delivery channels
for your particular organization ID. These delivery channels are used for sending notifications
and contact creation.
Process for sending the emergency notifications
You can send an event notification that triggers a complete workflow of the activities from the
Draft to the Complete state in Everbridge. You can monitor all activities from Business Continuity
Workspace.
When you send an emergency notification from the Business Continuity Workspace, the action
creates an incident and a notification for the incident in Everbridge to be sent to the right
contacts and groups.
The emergency notifications for an event are displayed on the Emergency notifications tab for
the event. You can view the details of the emergency notification such as the notification state,
start date, end date, and so on as shown in the example.


---

The emergency notification form is shown in the example.
Summary of the notification sent to contacts
The Summary section in the notification form displays a list of the contacts and groups to whom
the notification was sent and their responses are also recorded. It also displays the number of
contacts who could not be reached, the number of contacts who acknowledged the notification,
and the number of pending acknowledgments. This information is retrieved from Everbridge and
it is displayed in your Business Continuity Workspace as shown in the example.
