### Business Continuity Management and ServiceNow Store

*Source: Business Continuity Management documentation, pages 57–65.*


---

Note:
Both BCM classic Workspace and BCM Configurable Workspace use the Workspace
view. If you have made any customizations in other UI views, you must apply the same
customizations before or after upgrading from a prior release to the Australia release.
For information on the custom components configuration in BCM classic Workspace, see
the KB1442692 article.
For information on how to migrate reports and custom changes to BCM Configurable
Workspace, see the KB1444397 article.
Business Continuity Management and ServiceNow Store
Business Continuity Management applications are available from the ServiceNow Store,
enabling you to obtain new and updated features more rapidly. Before you can use the Business
Continuity Management applications, you must verify that you have an entitlement to use them.
Request apps on the Store
Visit the ServiceNow Store website to view all the available apps and for information about
submitting requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps,
see the ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
The list of BCM applications available on ServiceNow Store is explained in the table.
Application Description
GRC: Business Impact Analysis Provides structured workflows for business
continuity management teams to assess the
impact of a disruption for critical resources
such as business processes, applications, and
locations.
GRC: Business Continuity Planning Provides capabilities for business continuity
management teams to create, review, and
approve business continuity and disaster
recovery plans.
GRC: Crisis Management Provides capabilities for business continuity
management teams to activate business
continuity plans during plan exercises and
actual crisis events.
GRC: Crisis Management integration Provides integration with Everbridge to create
with Everbridge Notifications and send notification, and track responses.
(com.snc.bcm.app_crisis_ebn_intg)
GRC: Crisis Map Provides the ability to integrate with the Feeds
(com.snc.app_bcm_crisis_map) and Alert Management application to view the
threat alerts and assets at risk on the BCM
crisis map. Also, take appropriate action by
triggering the Crisis Management event and
notification workflows.
GRC: Approver Configurator (sn_grc_appr) Provides capabilities to define multiple
levels of approvals based on approval rule
definitions.


| Application | Description |
| --- | --- |
| GRC: Business Impact Analysis | Provides structured workflows for business continuity management teams to assess the impact of a disruption for critical resources such as business processes, applications, and locations. |
| GRC: Business Continuity Planning | Provides capabilities for business continuity management teams to create, review, and approve business continuity and disaster recovery plans. |
| GRC: Crisis Management | Provides capabilities for business continuity management teams to activate business continuity plans during plan exercises and actual crisis events. |
| GRC: Crisis Management integration with Everbridge Notifications (com.snc.bcm.app_crisis_ebn_intg) | Provides integration with Everbridge to create and send notification, and track responses. |
| GRC: Crisis Map (com.snc.app_bcm_crisis_map) | Provides the ability to integrate with the Feeds and Alert Management application to view the threat alerts and assets at risk on the BCM crisis map. Also, take appropriate action by triggering the Crisis Management event and notification workflows. |
| GRC: Approver Configurator (sn_grc_appr) | Provides capabilities to define multiple levels of approvals based on approval rule definitions. |


---

Note: Installing GRC: Business Impact Analysis, GRC: Business Continuity Planning, or
GRC: Crisis Management automatically installs GRC: Business Continuity Management
– Core, GRC: Business Continuity Management – Components, and GRC: Approver
Configurator.
GRC: Business Continuity Management – Core provides capabilities to configure data
required for the business continuity management applications. This application also installs
GRC: Business Continuity Management – Components: Now Design System components
for the Business Continuity Management application.
Note: Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features,
generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see
ServiceNow product tiers .
Get entitlement for the BCM application
The first step in installing an application is to verify that the application or the product and its
associated applications have valid ServiceNow entitlements.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
Individuals performing entitlement must have a Now Support account and have permission to
request applications for the instances under consideration.
Procedure
1.Navigate to the ServiceNow Store .
2. Select Login and log in using your Now Support credentials.
3. Select the ServiceNow Products tab to view all available ServiceNow Store products.
Integrations and other types of content are shown on the Certified Apps tab.
4.Select the product name of the product that you are getting entitlement to.
All applications associated with the product you are entitling are listed. When you have
obtained entitlement to the core product, the applications listed under it are also entitled.
5. Select Opt-in to verify that you have entitlement to the product and the applications listed.
You are prompted to read and accept the ServiceNow Store terms and conditions.
6.Select the check box and select Accept.
Note: A check mark appears next to the product name and the Manage Entitlements
button appears.
The check mark indicates that you have subscribed to the product and its associated
applications. It is time to manage your entitlements. This step is a one-time process for this
product and any other products that you want to install in the future.
7.You can select Manage Entitlements to change the instances affected by the applications to
which you are entitled.
After you have agreed to the ServiceNow Store Terms and Conditions and managed
entitlements, you can entitle other products by selecting the plus sign (+) next to the product
name.
You are now ready to install the application.


| ServiceNow product tiers |  |
| --- | --- |


---

Install Business Continuity Management from ServiceNow Store
You can install the Business Continuity Management application if you have the admin role. This
application includes demo data and installs the related store applications if they are not already
installed.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
In the ServiceNow Store, you must verify that you have entitlements (or licenses) to the
application and its dependent applications.
Procedure
1.Navigate to System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
The navigation path is shown in the example.
2. Find the Business Continuity Management application using the filter criteria and search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you cannot find an application, you may
have to request it from the ServiceNow Store.
Visit the ServiceNow Store to view all the available apps, and for information about submitting
requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps, see the
ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
The path using the filter criteria is shown in the examples.


---

3. Select Install.
4.In the Application installation dialog box, review the application dependencies.
Review the application listing in the instance for information on dependencies, licensing or
subscription requirements, and release compatibility.
The Business Continuity Management application (com.snc.sn_bcm) requires that the
required applications are downloaded as shown in the example.


---

◦BCM core (com.snc.bcm.app_bcm_core)
◦BIA (com.snc.bcm.app_bcm_bia)
◦BCP (com.snc.bcm.app_bcm_planning)
◦Crisis Management (com.snc.bcm.app_bcm_exercise)
◦Crisis Map with Everbridge integration (com.snc.bcm.app_crisis_ebn_intg)
◦Data registry (com.snc.data_registry_dep)
◦Gantt UI Builder Component (servicenow-now-gantt)
◦Data registry application (app-grc-data-registry)
◦Document Templates (app-document-templates)
◦Data relationship framework (app-grc-relationship-config)
◦GRC Common Workspace (app-grc-base-workspace)
◦GRC: Approver Configurator (app-bcm-approval-config)
◦IRM shared components (irm-shared-common-components)
5. If demo data is available and you want to load it, select Load demo data.
Some applications include demo data, which are sample records that describe application
features for common use cases. Load demo data when you first install the application on a
development or test instance.
Note: If you do not select the Load demo data check box for a store application during
installation, demo data is not available to install from the Application Manager later. For
information on how to install or reinstall demo data after the initial installation, see the
Workaround to install demo data if application is already installed [KB0722909] article in
the HI Knowledge Base.


| Workaround to install demo data if application is already installed [KB0722909] |  |
| --- | --- |


---

6.Select Install.
Note: Installing GRC: Business Impact Analysis, GRC: Business Continuity Planning, or
GRC: Crisis Management automatically installs GRC: Business Continuity Management –
Core and GRC: Business Continuity Management – Components.
BCM lite operators
The Business Continuity Management application provides flexible user licensing terms. The
terms are based on whether your operator has read-only access or can complete certain types of
tasks.
Overview of the lite operator classification
The Business Continuity Management roles that classify as lite operators are users who are
responsible for the tasks:
•Respond to the business impact analysis (BIA) plans when they are added as the contributors
to the business impact analysis.
•Approve the assigned approval record from the record in the Lists view or My tasks page.
To enable lite operators to respond to tasks, you must assign them with the appropriate role for
the activity and add them to the record as an approver. When this criteria is met, the lite operator
can approve or reject a record and provide workflow notes.
For detailed information that describes how to configure BCP or BIA plan templates, see
Configure the business continuity plan template and Configure BIA templates with legacy
assessment.
For information about all roles that are installed with the activation of the Business Continuity
Management application, see Components installed with Business Continuity Management.
•Lite operators can approve records only if the approval record is generated by the approval
configurator.
•If the approval configurator criteria is not met, the system displays Approve and Reject buttons
on the BIA or BCP.
•When approvals are shown via the Approve header UI action, specific operator roles (BIA/plan
owner or BCM admin) can approve the BIA or BCP respectively.
BCM lite operator role
The BCM lite operator role (sn_bcm_lite.lite_operator) contains the roles listed in the table.
BCM lite operator role classification
Role Description Additional Information
sn_bcm_contributor Enables the user to respond to The BIA owner must add the
BIAs in which they are tagged user as a contributor to the
as a contributor. BIA.
sn_bcm.core_viewer Enables the user to view the
BIA, plans, exercises, and
events in the workspace UI.


| Role | Description | Additional Information |
| --- | --- | --- |
| sn_bcm_contributor | Enables the user to respond to BIAs in which they are tagged as a contributor. | The BIA owner must add the user as a contributor to the BIA. |
| sn_bcm.core_viewer | Enables the user to view the BIA, plans, exercises, and events in the workspace UI. |  |


---

BCM lite operator role classification (continued)
Role Description Additional Information
sn_bia.bia_contributor Enables the user to respond to The BIA owner must add the
BIAs in which they are tagged user as a contributor to the
as a contributor. BIA.
sn_bcm.recovery_team_memberEnables the user to receive
and respond to the assigned
recovery tasks.
sn_bcm_viewer Enables the user to view
all records in the BCM
application.
sn_bcp.plan_viewer Enables the user to view the
plans in a read-only format.
sn_bia.bia_viewer Enables the user to view the
BIA responses in a read-only
format.
sn_recovery.event_viewer Enables the user to view an The read-only information is
exercise or event in a read- needed so that the recovery
only format. event member has the context
of the entire exercise though
the user can only respond to
assigned tasks.
sn_crisis_ebn.viewer Enables the user to view
emergency notifications in a
read-only format.
sn_recovery.event_member Enables the user to receive Recovery tasks must be
and respond to the assigned assigned to the recovery team
recovery tasks during an member.
exercise or event.
BCM roles that you can't assign to your lite operators
Operator roles can't be assigned to lite operators. If you assign a role to a user, it counts the user
as an operator and you no longer have a flexible licensing model.
You can't assign these roles to your lite operators:
•sn_bia.bia_admin
•sn_bia.bia_manager
•sn_bia.bia_planner
•sn_bcp.plan_admin
•sn_bcp.plan_manager
•sn_recovery.event_manager
•sn_recovery.event_user
•sn_crisis_ebn.admin
•sn_crisis_ebn.user


| Role | Description | Additional Information |
| --- | --- | --- |
| sn_bia.bia_contributor | Enables the user to respond to BIAs in which they are tagged as a contributor. | The BIA owner must add the user as a contributor to the BIA. |
| sn_bcm.recovery_team_memb | erEnables the user to receive and respond to the assigned recovery tasks. |  |
| sn_bcm_viewer | Enables the user to view all records in the BCM application. |  |
| sn_bcp.plan_viewer | Enables the user to view the plans in a read-only format. |  |
| sn_bia.bia_viewer | Enables the user to view the BIA responses in a read-only format. |  |
| sn_recovery.event_viewer | Enables the user to view an exercise or event in a read- only format. | The read-only information is needed so that the recovery event member has the context of the entire exercise though the user can only respond to assigned tasks. |
| sn_crisis_ebn.viewer | Enables the user to view emergency notifications in a read-only format. |  |
| sn_recovery.event_member | Enables the user to receive and respond to the assigned recovery tasks during an exercise or event. | Recovery tasks must be assigned to the recovery team member. |


---

For additional information on role assignments, see the GRC Business User Role [KB0864247]
article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
Note: You must log in to Now Support to view the articles.
Lite operator activities and limitations
The 'BCM lite operator activities and limitations' table describes the lite operator activities and
limitations.
BCM lite operator activities and limitations
Activity Description Create Read Update Approve
Business Yes A BCM lite When a BIA
•Respond
impact operator can is submitted
to the BIA
analysis (BIA) update the for approval,
analysis.
assigned it is sent to
•View a record. multiple users.
completed A BCM lite
analysis. operator can
approve the
•Participate
assigned
in the BIA
record but
workflow.
they cannot
•Review the approve the
BIA record entire BIA.
assigned
to you
and then
approve or
reject the
assigned
record.
Business Yes A BCM lite
•View and
continuity operator can
download
planning approve the
the
(BCP) assigned
published
record but
continuity
they cannot
and disaster
approve the
recovery
entire BCP.
plans.
•Review and
approve or
reject the
assigned
record.
Business Yes A BCM lite
•View the
continuity operator can
exercise
exercises approve the
details.
assigned
•Participate record but
in the they cannot


| Activity | Description | Create | Read | Update | Approve |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Business impact analysis (BIA) | •Respond to the BIA analysis. •View a completed analysis. •Participate in the BIA workflow. •Review the BIA record assigned to you and then approve or reject the assigned record. |  | Yes | A BCM lite operator can update the assigned record. | When a BIA is submitted for approval, it is sent to multiple users. A BCM lite operator can approve the assigned record but they cannot approve the entire BIA. |
| Business continuity planning (BCP) | •View and download the published continuity and disaster recovery plans. •Review and approve or reject the assigned record. |  | Yes |  | A BCM lite operator can approve the assigned record but they cannot approve the entire BCP. |


---

BCM lite operator activities and limitations (continued)
Activity Description Create Read Update Approve
recovery approve
tasks. the entire
exercise.
•Participate
in the
exercise
results
workflow.
•Review and
approve or
reject the
assigned
record.
Crisis events Yes A BCM lite
•Report
operator can
and view
approve the
the crisis
assigned
details.
record but
•Participate they cannot
in the approve the
recovery crisis event.
tasks.
•Participate
in the
exercise
results
workflow.
•Review and
approve or
reject an
analysis.
Update Yes Yes Yes
•Receive the
recovery tasks
recovery
status
tasks
from the
exercises
and crisis
events.
•Report the
progress
and status
back to
your event
coordinator.


| Activity | Description | Create | Read | Update | Approve |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | recovery tasks. •Participate in the exercise results workflow. •Review and approve or reject the assigned record. |  |  |  | approve the entire exercise. |
| Crisis events | •Report and view the crisis details. •Participate in the recovery tasks. •Participate in the exercise results workflow. •Review and approve or reject an analysis. |  | Yes |  | A BCM lite operator can approve the assigned record but they cannot approve the crisis event. |
| Update recovery tasks status | •Receive the recovery tasks from the exercises and crisis events. •Report the progress and status back to your event coordinator. |  | Yes | Yes | Yes |
