### Managing plans with BCM mobile application

*Source: Business Continuity Management documentation, pages 458–463.*


---

What to do next
1.If it’s a recovery event, select anywhere on the Response Tasks card to take you to the event
details.
2. In the Details tab of the event, update the details if necessary.
3. Select the Start Event button. The event for the crisis is then activated. All the associated
plans for this recovery event and the tasks associated with it are set into action. The Crisis
Management workflow begins to recover the impacted assets. For more information, see Crisis
events.
All the assets at risk are copied over to the Event Assets table [sn_recovery_event_asset] that
is related to the event [sn_recovery_event].
Managing plans with BCM mobile application
Business continuity plan (BCP) managers and viewers can manage and view plans using the
Business Continuity Management (BCM) application on Android or iOS mobile devices.
Plan execution with BCM mobile
The Business Continuity Management application extends plan execution to mobile, enabling
you to review and act on continuity and recovery plans directly from your mobile devices. Starting
with version 9.1.3 of the BCM Mobile application, you can verify that critical decisions and
escalations can happen anytime, anywhere—even during a disruption.
The BCM mobile application provides these benefits:
•Mobile plan execution: Review continuity and recovery plans from your mobile devices.
•Access on mobile device: Maintain visibility and control even when connectivity is limited.
•User-friendly interface: Use the streamlined workflow designed for simplicity in high-pressure
scenarios.
BCM managers can generate PDFs of the approved plans, which BCM planners can then view
and download.
Request apps on the Store
Visit the ServiceNow Store to view all the available apps, and for information about submitting
requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps, see the
ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
Log in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance from your mobile device and the landing screen
is displayed after you log in.
Set up the BCM mobile application
Set up your mobile device and the ServiceNow AI Platform for the BCM mobile application.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_bcp.plan_admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > System Applications > All Available Applications > Available To Obtain
From Store and install GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
Note: The GRC core applications and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance should be
from the same family release.


---

a.To verify the GRC: GRC: Profiles application is installed on your instance, navigate to Plugins
and search for GRC: Profiles.
b.If the GRC: Profiles core application isn’t already installed, select Install to install it.
c.After the GRC: Profiles application is installed, install Business Continuity Management.
All GRC core applications are available on the ServiceNow Store.
For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the GRC core
applications, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
When you install the GRC core applications, the dependency plugins for the GRC Mobile
application (com.glide.sg and com.glide.sg.agent_native_client) are also automatically
installed.
To verify that these dependency plugins are installed and activated:
a.Navigate to Plugins.
b.Search for the plugin IDs (com.glide.sg and com.glide.sg.agent_native_client).
c.If they aren’t activated, activate these plugins.
2. Install the BCM mobile application on the ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to
view on your mobile device.
Note: The BCM mobile app and the ServiceNow AI Platform instance should be from
the same family release.
For more information about getting entitlement, downloading, and installing the BCM mobile
app, see GRC and the ServiceNow Store.
3. Assign the mobile users with the required ServiceNow AI Platform roles as a user with the
admin role in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
4.Download and install the most current ServiceNow Agent app on your mobile device, as a
mobile user with the sn_bcm.manager role.
The most current ServiceNow Agent app is available on the Apple iOS App Store and the
Google Play Store.
Result
You have successfully set up your mobile device and the ServiceNow AI Platform for the BCM
mobile application. The next step is to log in to your ServiceNow AI Platform instance with the
ServiceNow Agent app on your mobile device.
Log in to the BCM mobile application
®
Open the BCM mobile app and add a ServiceNow AI Platform instance with BCM to your
mobile device.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_bcm.manager
Verify that you have completed the setup steps described in Set up the BCM mobile application.
Procedure
1.On your mobile device, tap the ServiceNow Agent app.
If you aren’t already logged in to a ServiceNow AI Platform instance, the Instances screen is
displayed.


---

2. If the ServiceNow AI Platform instance with the BCM core application isn’t already added to
your mobile device, follow these steps to add it.
a.On the Instances screen that is displayed, tap the plus icon ( ).
A screen is displayed that prompts you to enter and save an address of a ServiceNow AI
Platform instance.
b.Fill in the fields.
Field name Description
Enter the instance address or scan a QR Choose one to continue:
code.
▪Before the .service-now.com in the
field, enter the name of your ServiceNow
AI Platform instance, for example, bcm-
mobile.
▪Enter an address. This address is the URL
of your ServiceNow AI Platform instance
that you want to view on your mobile
device.
▪Scan a QR code.
For more information about the mobile
app, see "Log in to an instance with the
mobile app" on the ServiceNow product
documentation website.
(Optional) Enter nickname Enter a nickname for this instance. If you
have multiple instances added to the
device, nicknames can help you quickly
locate a ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
c.Tap Save and Login.
3. On the ServiceNow login screen that is displayed, enter the User name and Password for the
ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to add and tap Login.
The BCM landing screen with the plans list is displayed. You have successfully logged in to the
BCM mobile app.
4.After you log in to an instance on your mobile device, it’s the default ServiceNow AI Platform
instance on the device.
If you want to view another ServiceNow AI Platform instance on your device, you must log out
of the default instance. To log out:
a.At the bottom of the screen, tap More.
The More screen is displayed.
b.Tap Settings.
c.On the screen that is displayed, tap Logout.


| Field name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Enter the instance address or scan a QR code. | Choose one to continue: ▪Before the .service-now.com in the field, enter the name of your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, for example, bcm- mobile. ▪Enter an address. This address is the URL of your ServiceNow AI Platform instance that you want to view on your mobile device. ▪Scan a QR code. For more information about the mobile app, see "Log in to an instance with the mobile app" on the ServiceNow product documentation website. |
| (Optional) Enter nickname | Enter a nickname for this instance. If you have multiple instances added to the device, nicknames can help you quickly locate a ServiceNow AI Platform instance. |


---

The Instances screen is displayed with any ServiceNow AI Platform instances that you have
added to the mobile device.
d. Optional: Tap another instance to log in to it, or, alternatively, follow the preceding steps to
add another instance.
5. Log in to the app using your credentials.
6.Access the BCM mobile app interface.
Trouble?
If the instances screen for the BCM mobile app isn’t displayed after you tap the ServiceNow
Agent app on your device, verify that the ServiceNow Agent app is permitted as a trusted app
on your device. To permit access as a trusted app, navigate to the settings and general device
management on your device and tap the option (Trust app, and so on) to permit access.
If an error message is displayed after you enter your credentials in the log in screen, verify that
your User name and password for the ServiceNow AI Platform instance is correct.
If you have problems viewing the landing screen, verify your network connection.
If you can’t view the Instances screen after you tap the ServiceNow Agent app, try uninstalling
it from your device. Verify you have the most current version of the app from the Apple iOS App
Store or the Google Play Store and try reinstalling it.
What to do next
View the plans list and generate the PDF of a plan.
Monitor the plan list and generate the PDF
Monitor the list of the business continuity plans (BCPs) in the BCM mobile application. You can
save and generate the PDF of a plan record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_bcp.plan_manager, sn_bcp.plan_viewer
About this task
If you have the Business Continuity Management (BCM) plan program manager, BCM program
manager, BCM plan manager, BCM Plan Viewer, or BCM plan contributor role, you can view
the plan list icon in the BCM mobile application. On accessing the icon, you can view a list of
approved plans.
To access the plan list screen, both the BCM mobile application and the BCM planning
application must be installed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to the business continuity plans (BCPs) list view in the mobile app.
In the BCM mobile application, the plan list screen is displayed to the users. The BCP plan
viewer has access to the plans list when they’re logged in to the instance through an agent.


---

An instance can have the BCM mobile application as the only ServiceNow Agent application.
When multiple ServiceNow Agent applications are available, the BCP plan viewer selects the
BCM mobile application from the list and navigates to the plans. A list of the approved plans is
displayed.
To access each of these plans, the BCP plan viewer can select the plans one by one.
2. Tap a plan record and view its details.
3. To generate the PDF of the plan, tap the record, tap the More icon ( ), and tap Generate PDF.
You can generate the PDF of the plan by tapping the Generate PDF UI action.


---

The PDF is generated and a message is displayed that the selected plan PDF has been
successfully generated for download.
4.To save a particular plan, tap the Save icon in the top toolbar in the plan view, provide a name
for the plan in the 'Save the item' dialog box, and tap Done.
The Save functionality is provided as part of the base version.
The PDF of the selected plan is saved in the instance. Similarly, as a plan manager or plan
viewer, you can view all saved records in the Saved items tab of the app.
