### Install Operational Resilience application

| ServiceNow product tiers |  |
| --- | --- |

5. Properties: Configure the properties to suit your business needs. For information, see
Configure Operational Resilience properties.
6.Dashboard customization: Customize the dashboard by adding or removing reports as needed
to suit your requirements. For more information, see Using the flexible data model and Landing
page and dashboard views.
Sample Main node configurations
For creating new Main node configurations in the Operational Resilience application, refer to the
following end-to-end examples:
•To create a Services to dependencies sample Main node configuration, see Sample Services
to dependencies configuration.
•To create an Application service to dependencies sample Main node configuration, see
Sample Application service to dependencies configuration.
•To configure an end-to-end workflow for a business service and fetch its CSDM dependencies
and red flags data to Operational Resilience, see Sample end-to-end workflow for a business
service.
•To configure an end-to-end workflow for a service and fetch its CSDM dependencies and red
flags data to Operational Resilience, see Sample end-to-end workflow for services.
For other general administrative setup tasks, see Completing general administrative tasks.
Install Operational Resilience application
Install the GRC: Operational Resilience application from the ServiceNow Store and run it in your
instance.
Before you begin
Role required: admin
About this task
Note: Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features,
generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see
ServiceNow product tiers .
Procedure
1.Navigate to System Applications > All Available Applications > All.
2. Find the GRC: Operational Resilience (App id: sn_oper_res) application using the filter criteria
and search bar.
You can search for the application by its name or ID. If you cannot find an application, you may
have to request it from the ServiceNow Store.
Visit the ServiceNow Store to view all the available apps, and for information about submitting
requests to the store. For cumulative release notes information for all released apps, see the
ServiceNow Store version history release notes .
3. Select Install.
The application dependencies are installed by default.