### Configure the Main node configurations

A message is displayed that the service is added to Operational Resilience reporting. The
record now appears as an entity in Operational Resilience.
Note: Use manual addition only for exceptions or one-off additions that don't fit the filter
criteria.
6.To view the entity record, select Go to entity from the record header.
Configure the Main node configurations
Create the Main node configuration record to fetch data into Operational Resilience for reporting.
Main node configurations are available with the base system. You can use the existing Main
node configurations or create new Main node configurations for your business needs.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Main node configurations define how your source data is linked, for example, how one table is
related to another table.
You can define the relationships in the following ways:
Direct
It can be via a direct reference field in either of the table or it can be via an m2m
table
.
Indirect
If the tables are not directly related, you can use scripts to define their relationship.
The script option gives you more flexibility. However, for most of the use cases, the
direct option serves the purpose.
Before creating the Main node configuration record, ensure that you have completed the
following prerequisites:
1.You can create a new Main node configuration with the sn_oper_res.admin role only.
2. You have completed the configuration set up instructions listed on the Configuring Operational
Resilience page.

3. The Data Relationships Framework (sn_grc_rel_config) application is installed in your instance
by default.
4.The entities are generated in Operational Resilience. Only when the entities are generated and
the relationships are created in the Main node configurations, CMDB data can be brought into
Operational Resilience for reporting.
5. All Main node configurations with the source as OpRes CMDB run in parallel.
6.To enable reporting, ensure that entities are generated and relationships are established
in Main node configurations. Data can only be brought in for reporting after these steps are
completed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configurations.
Note: In order for the Main node configuration to be picked up by the scheduled job, its
source should be OpRes CMDB and its status should be True (Active).
The base version of Operational Resilience includes the following Main node configurations.
You can update an existing Main node configuration or set up a brand new configuration in
your instance.
2. To create a new Main configuration record, select New.
The Main node configuration form is displayed.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For descriptions of all the fields in the form, see Main node configuration form.
a.Add the name for the configuration.
b.To use it in the Operational Resilience scheduled job, select the source as OpRes CMDB
and set the status to True.
c.Select the table from where you want the hierarchy to start, for example, Service.

Tables are the starting point of the entire tree structure that is received as an output. The
Main node configuration starts with a table, such as [cmdb_ci_service], to generate a tree
structure. It scans the table to create a hierarchy for each record. If you do not want to
scan the entire table, and if you have specific business requirements, you can apply filter
conditions ensuring that only relevant records are scanned.
d. Add conditions to filter the records for which this main node definition is created.
The following example shows the filter condition for the "Service to dependency"
configuration.
The following example shows the Business service downstream records configuration.
e. Select Submit.
The Main node configuration is created and displayed in the Main node configurations list.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the Main node configuration record. For example, Service to dependencies. |
| Source | Source for the Main node configuration record. By default, it is OpRes CMDB. |
| Active | Option to indicate that the record is active. The value is True or False. |
| Main node |  |
| Table | Table that is used to set up the relationship, for example, Configuration Item [cmdb_ci]. |

Based on your Main node configuration settings, data for business services, services,
offerings, application services, business processes is brought from CMDB into Operational
Resilience.
What to do next
Specify how the source table is connected to the target table in the Node relationship
configurations.
For details, see Configure the Node relationship configurations.
Main node configuration form
Use the Main node configuration form to create a Main node configuration record in the Data
Relationships Framework.
Main node configuration new record form
Main node configuration new record form
Field Description
Name Name of the Main node configuration record.
For example, Service to dependencies.
Source Source for the Main node configuration record.
By default, it is OpRes CMDB.
Active Option to indicate that the record is active. The
value is True or False.
Main node
Table Table that is used to set up the relationship, for
example, Configuration Item [cmdb_ci].

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Conditions | Filter conditions used to set up the relationship for the configuration record. If you want a specific object from a table, you can set up the filter conditions accordingly. |
| Properties |  |
| Maximum number of nodes | Maximum number of nodes that can be displayed in the map. |
| Maximum number of levels | Maximum number of levels that are set to be displayed in the map. |

Main node configuration new record form (continued)
Field Description
Conditions Filter conditions used to set up the
relationship for the configuration record. If you
want a specific object from a table, you can set
up the filter conditions accordingly.
Properties
Maximum number of nodes Maximum number of nodes that can be
displayed in the map.
Maximum number of levels Maximum number of levels that are set to be
displayed in the map.
Configure the Node relationship configurations
Create a Node relationship configuration record to establish relationships between nodes.
Update the node relationships including source table, both Configuration Items (CI) and non-CI
relationships. The Node relationship configurations define the connections between the source
table and other tables (target tables), specifying how they are related.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configuration.
2. Open the desired Main node configuration from the list.
The following example shows the Main node configurations available in the instance.
3. To add a Node relationship configuration, select New in the Node relationship configurations
related list.
The Node relationship configuration form is displayed.
For description of the fields in the Node relationship configuration form, see Node relationship
configuration form.

You can set up these relationship registries by creating a Relationship Registry record in the
Relationship Registries module. The Relationship Registry new record form is shown in the
example.
For the description of the fields in the Relationship registry form, see Relationship registry
record form.
4.Select the table of your choice in the Source table field in the Source tab.
By default, the system auto-selects the table listed in the Main configuration record, the
Service [cmdb_ci_service] table in this example. You can choose the auto-suggested table or a
different table as per your requirements.
5. Select the relationship registry record in the Relationship registry field in the Relationship tab.
The relationship registry record defines how the Source table links to another table.
a.Select the Search icon and select the Relationship registry record from the available list.
Selecting the search icon shows the out-of-the-box Relationship registries that have Service
as the source table. You can select a Relationship registry from the list.

b.To select a new registry record instead of choosing a record from the out-of-the-box list,
select New.
You can create a new registry record if the out-of-the-box options do not meet your needs.
c.Add a meaningful name for the new Relationship registry record.
You can add a proper name to avoid confusion because there might be other registries with
the same name.
d. Select the relationship table in the Table field.
The table should be the same as the Source table from the previous screen. This table name
may be different from the table that you have defined in the Main node configuration record.
e. Select the relationship type for the table in the Relationship type field.
Once the table is selected, the following options are displayed in the drop-down.
i. One-to-one
ii.One-to-many
iii. Many-to-many
iv.Scripted relationship
Based on the selected drop-down value, a different list of tables is displayed in the
Relationship field.
f.Select the relationship table in the Relationship table field.
For One-to-one relationship type, the Relationship field shows the list of tables that are used
as reference fields in the Source table.
The table name is populated in the Relationship field.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |

g.Select Submit.
You have configured the Source table and Relationship registry.
To select the target table, configure the Target section in the Node relationship configuration
record in the next step.
6.Configure the Target tab.
All the relationship options are explained in this step.
Step Description
One-to-one For non-m2m tables, in the Target tab, se­
lect Sys ID as the Target reference field and

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |

Step Description
choose the Relationship table as the Target
table.
This is valid for One-to-one and One-to-many
types.
If the Relationship table is an m2m table, se­
lect Sys ID in the Target reference field and
then in Target table, select the same table as
the Relationship table.
One-to-many
For One-to-many, the relationship shows the
list of tables that has source table as a refer­
ence field.
For Many-to-many, the Relationship field
shows the list of m2m tables in which the
source table is referred. Notice that for Many-
to-many, you have to select the field from
the drop-down that you want as output. For
example, [cmdb_rel_ci] table has Parent
(cmdb_ci) and Child (cmdb_ci) fields. If you
want to find the child service, you can select
Many-to-many
Child.
For the Scripted relationship, you can select
Scripted
the record from sys_relationship. You can de­
fine the relationship via script.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name for the Node relationship configuration. |

Step Description
As you can see, the Applies to table has to be
as same as the Table field from the previous
screen. Here the value in Table field is [cmd­
b_ci_service_business] but in the Relation­
ship field, it is [cmdb_ci_service]. This con­
figuration works because the [cmdb_ci_ser­
vice_business] table extends to the [cmdb_­
ci_service] table.
7.Select Submit.
The Node relationship configuration for the Main configuration record is now updated. The
example shows the Node relationship configuration for the Service to Dependencies Main
configuration record.
Node relationship configuration form
Use the Node relationship configuration form to configure the node relationships. You can also
view these settings in the Nexus map.
Node relationship configuration new record form
Node relationship configuration new record form
Field Description
Name Unique name for the Node relationship
configuration.
Type Type column has been added, offering
two distinct options for displaying node
relationship information:

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Default type: As shown in the earlier illustration, the "Default type" column displays the hierarchy from top to bottom. It’s the default option. •Group type: Aggregates data at a specific node, providing a more focused view. |
| Direction | Direction of the relationship between the source and target tables |
| Main node configuration | Main node configuration for which the Node relationship is configured. This field is auto- selected. |
| Sequence | Sequence of the Node relationship configuration. This field is auto-selected. |
| Active | Option to mark the Node relationship configuration as active. |
| Source |  |
| Source table | Source table used for the Node relationship configuration. |
| Relationship |  |
| Relationship registry | Table used to set up the relationship registry. Note: When you select the table in the Relationship registry field, the Name, Relationship type, Relationship table, Relationship condition fields are displayed. |
| Name | Name of the Relationship registry table. This field is auto-selected. |
| Relationship type | Relationship type for the Relationship registry table. This field is auto-selected. |
| Relationship table | Relationship table or the target table associated with the Relationship registry table. This field is auto-displayed. |
| Relationship conditions | Relationship conditions that you can set up for the Node relationship configuration. |
| Target |  |
| Target reference field | Target reference field for the Node relationship configuration. For example, Sys ID. |
| Target table | Relationship table or the target table associated with the Relationship registry table. |

Node relationship configuration new record form (continued)
Field Description
•Default type: As shown in the earlier
illustration, the "Default type" column
displays the hierarchy from top to bottom.
It’s the default option.
•Group type: Aggregates data at a specific
node, providing a more focused view.
Direction Direction of the relationship between the
source and target tables
Main node configuration Main node configuration for which the Node
relationship is configured. This field is auto-
selected.
Sequence Sequence of the Node relationship
configuration. This field is auto-selected.
Active Option to mark the Node relationship
configuration as active.
Source
Source table Source table used for the Node relationship
configuration.
Relationship
Relationship registry Table used to set up the relationship registry.
Note: When you select the table in
the Relationship registry field, the
Name, Relationship type, Relationship
table, Relationship condition fields are
displayed.
Name Name of the Relationship registry table. This
field is auto-selected.
Relationship type Relationship type for the Relationship registry
table. This field is auto-selected.
Relationship table Relationship table or the target table
associated with the Relationship registry table.
This field is auto-displayed.
Relationship conditions Relationship conditions that you can set up for
the Node relationship configuration.
Target
Target reference field Target reference field for the Node relationship
configuration. For example, Sys ID.
Target table Relationship table or the target table
associated with the Relationship registry table.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Sort by | Parameter used to sort the target table, for example, Actual end date or Assigned to. |
| Target conditions | Conditions that you can set up for the target table used in the Node relationship configuration. |
| Properties |  |
| Maximum number of nodes | Maximum number of nodes that can be displayed in the map. |
| Maximum number of levels | Maximum number of levels that are set to be displayed in the map. |
| Query category | Query category that can be used for the Node relationship configuration. |

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the relationship registry record. For example, BIA analysis –> Issue. |
| Table | Table used to set up the relationship registry record. For example, Impact analysis [sn_bia_analysis]. |
| Relationship type | Relationship type for the relationship registry record. Available options are: •One-to-one: One record has a relationship to one record in another table. •One-to-many: One record has a relationship to one or more records in another table. •Many-to-many: One or more records have a relationship to one or more records in another table. •Scripted relationship: Use scripts to define the relationship between the tables. |
| Active | Option to indicate that the relationship registry record is active. |
| Relationship | Table used to set up the relationship with the object that is defined in the Table field. For example, Issue [sn_grc_issue]. |

Node relationship configuration new record form (continued)
Field Description
Sort by Parameter used to sort the target table, for
example, Actual end date or Assigned to.
Target conditions Conditions that you can set up for the
target table used in the Node relationship
configuration.
Properties
Maximum number of nodes Maximum number of nodes that can be
displayed in the map.
Maximum number of levels Maximum number of levels that are set to be
displayed in the map.
Query category Query category that can be used for the Node
relationship configuration.
Relationship registry record form
Use the Relationship registry record form to create a relationship registry between objects.
Relationship registry new record form
Relationship registry new record form
Field Description
Name Name of the relationship registry record. For
example, BIA analysis –> Issue.
Table Table used to set up the relationship registry
record. For example, Impact analysis
[sn_bia_analysis].
Relationship type Relationship type for the relationship registry
record. Available options are:
•One-to-one: One record has a relationship
to one record in another table.
•One-to-many: One record has a relationship
to one or more records in another table.
•Many-to-many: One or more records have
a relationship to one or more records in
another table.
•Scripted relationship: Use scripts to define
the relationship between the tables.
Active Option to indicate that the relationship registry
record is active.
Relationship Table used to set up the relationship with the
object that is defined in the Table field. For
example, Issue [sn_grc_issue].

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Relationship table | Read-only field. The table selected in the Relationship field is displayed as a relationship table by default. For example, Issue [sn_grc_issue]. |
| Related field | List of fields that should be set as target or output of the relationship. |

Relationship registry new record form (continued)
Field Description
Relationship table Read-only field. The table selected in
the Relationship field is displayed as a
relationship table by default. For example,
Issue [sn_grc_issue].
Related field List of fields that should be set as target or
output of the relationship.
Configure the Nexus map configurations
Configure the appearance of the Nexus map (Resilience map) for a specific main node by
defining its UI settings. It involves defining visual elements such as colors, icons, and edge
configurations. By configuring the settings at the Nexus map level, you can associate a single
main node with multiple Nexus configurations, enabling flexible loading of settings for different
entities.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Note: When you create the Nexus map configuration, the system automatically creates
the nodes list and edges list from the Main node configuration, prompting you to configure
the node and edge visualization. If you have already created a configuration for a specific
node type in another Nexus map configuration, it is pre-populated with the most recently
created configuration.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configuration.
2. Open the desired Main node configuration from the list.
The following example shows the Main node configurations available in the instance.
3. In the Nexus map configurations related list, select New.
The Nexus map configuration new record is displayed as shown in the example.

For more information on the fields, see Nexus map configuration form.
4.Enter a unique name for the Nexus map configuration in the Name field.
The Main node configuration record for which the Nexus map configuration is being configured
is displayed by default in the Main node configuration field.
5. Select the desired Workspace in the Workspace type field.
Note: If the desired Workspace isn't available in the field, you can create a workspace
record by accessing the "Nexus map configuration workspace type" module through the
All menu.
6.Add a short description for the Nexus map configuration in the Short description field.
7.To mark the Nexus map configuration as active, select the Active option field.
A sample record is shown for reference.
8.To submit the details of the Nexus map configuration, select Submit.
The Nexus map configuration record is displayed in the Nexus map configurations related list
as shown in the example.
Opening the record shows the details of the Nexus map configuration as shown in the
following examples.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name for the Nexus map configuration. For example, OpRes resilience map. |
| Workspace type | Desired Workspace for setting up the Nexus map. If the desired Workspace isn't available in the field, you can create a workspace record by accessing the "Nexus map configuration workspace type" module through the All menu. |

The Main node tab displays the name of the Main node table along with its associated
conditions. The Node UI details tab shows the Node UI type, which is set to "Node map default
node" by default.
After creating the Nexus map configuration, if any changes are made at the Main node level,
such as adding or modifying relationships, you can synchronize those changes into the Nexus
map configuration by using the Sync from main node configuration UI action.
The Node configurations and Edge configurations related lists for the selected Nexus map
configuration, as shown in the examples, are displayed in the record.
What to do next
To configure the node settings for the Nexus map, see Configure the Node configurations.
To configure the edge settings for the Nexus map, see Configure the Edge configurations.
Nexus map configuration form
Use the Nexus map configuration form to define the UI configuration for the selected Main node
configuration. It also helps you to define the node and edge configurations, determining how the
Nexus map is displayed.
Nexus map configuration new record form
Nexus map configuration new record form
Field Description
Name Unique name for the Nexus map configuration.
For example, OpRes resilience map.
Workspace type Desired Workspace for setting up the Nexus
map. If the desired Workspace isn't available
in the field, you can create a workspace record
by accessing the "Nexus map configuration
workspace type" module through the All
menu.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Main node configuration | Main node configuration record displayed by default for which the Nexus map configuration is being configured. |
| Active | Option to indicate that the Nexus map configuration is active. |
| Short description | Short description of the Nexus map configuration. |

Nexus map configuration new record form (continued)
Field Description
Main node configuration Main node configuration record displayed by
default for which the Nexus map configuration
is being configured.
Active Option to indicate that the Nexus map
configuration is active.
Short description Short description of the Nexus map
configuration.
Configure the Node configurations
Configure the settings for the selected node. It helps you to determine the UI display in the
Nexus map. You can select the table associated with the node and configure the primary label,
icon, secondary label, tooltip, and so on for the node.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configuration and open the
desired Main node configuration from the list view.
2. Open the Nexus map configuration record from the Nexus map configurations related list.
The following example shows the Nexus map configuration record with the Node
configurations related list.
3. In the Node configurations related list, select New.
The Node configuration new record is displayed as shown in the example.

For more information on the fields, see Node configuration form.
4.Select the table in the Table field.
The Nexus map configuration record for which the Node configuration is being configured is
displayed by default in the Nexus map configuration field.
5. Select the primary and secondary labels for the node in the Primary label and Secondary
label fields.
6.Select the icon and tooltip for the node in the Icon and Tooltip fields.
7.To mark the Node configuration as active, select the Active option field.
8.To enable the 'Make this primary' functionality at the node level, configure the setting by
selecting the Nexus map configuration in the Configuration for set as main node field.
This configuration reflects the hierarchy flow for the node that is designated as primary.
9.Select the 360° view type in the Configuration for 360° view field.
10.Select the Context record in the Context record field.
A sample record with the details filled in is shown for reference.
11. To clear the selections for the context record, primary label, secondary label, tooltip, select
Clear selections.
12. To submit the details of the Node configuration, select Submit.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Table | Table associated with the node configuration. |
| Nexus map configuration | Nexus map configuration record displayed by default for which the Node configuration is being configured. |
| Primary label | Primary label to be displayed for the node, for example, Name. |
| Secondary label | Secondary label to be displayed for the node, for example, class. |
| Icon | Icon to be used for the node in the main node UI, for example, briefcase-outline. |
| Tooltip | Tooltip to be displayed when hovering over the node, for example, Name. |
| Context menu options |  |

The Node configuration record is displayed in the Nexus map configurations related list.
What to do next
To customize the map display such as assigning specific colors and icons to nodes that meet
certain conditions, configure the Node status configuration. For more information, see Configure
the Node status configurations.
Node configuration form
Use the Node configuration form to configure the settings such as the primary label, icon,
secondary label, tooltip for the selected node.
Node configuration new record form
Node configuration new record form
Field Description
Table Table associated with the node configuration.
Nexus map configuration Nexus map configuration record displayed
by default for which the Node configuration is
being configured.
Primary label Primary label to be displayed for the node, for
example, Name.
Secondary label Secondary label to be displayed for the node,
for example, class.
Icon Icon to be used for the node in the main node
UI, for example, briefcase-outline.
Tooltip Tooltip to be displayed when hovering over the
node, for example, Name.
Context menu options
Configuration for set as main node Nexus map configuration required to enable
the "Make this primary" functionality at the
node level. This configuration reflects the

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | hierarchy flow for the node that is designated as primary. |
| Configuration for 360° view | 360° configuration to open the 360 view of the record when you right-select on that particular node. |
| Context record | Context record to show or consider for the side panel and other context areas when you select that particular node. |

Node configuration new record form (continued)
Field Description
hierarchy flow for the node that is designated
as primary.
Configuration for 360° view 360° configuration to open the 360 view of the
record when you right-select on that particular
node.
Context record Context record to show or consider for the
side panel and other context areas when you
select that particular node.
Configure the Node status configurations
Configure the Node status conditions and parameters for the selected node configuration table.
You can then customize the map display by assigning specific colors and icons to the nodes that
meet certain conditions.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configuration and open the
desired Main node configuration from the list.
2. Open the desired Nexus map configuration record from the Nexus map configurations related
list.
3. Open the desired Node configuration record from the Node configurations related list.
4.In the Node status configurations related list, select New.
You can customize the map display such as assigning specific colors and icons to nodes that
meet certain conditions by configuring the Node status configuration record.
For more information on the fields, see Node status configuration form.
The Node status configuration record is displayed in which the Node configuration and Table
are auto-populated.
5. Add the conditions that must be satisfied for the node status configuration in the Conditions
field.
6.Select the color for the node status in the Color field.
7.Select the icon for the node status in the Icon field.
The order for the node status is auto-selected.
A sample configuration is shown in the example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Node configuration | Node configuration record for which the Node status configuration is being configured. |
| Table | Table associated with the node configuration for which the conditions and parameters are updated. For example, Entity [sn_grc_profile]. |
| Conditions | Entity and related list conditions. Once the conditions are satisfied, the node status is updated and reflected in the Nexus map. |
| Color | Color to be displayed for the node status once the conditions are satisfied, for example, Critical or Magenta. |
| Icon | Icon to be used for the node in the main node UI, for example, exclamation-outline. |
| Order | Order assigned to the Node status configuration. This field is auto-assigned. The system selects the configuration to use when a node satisfies the condition and has the least order. |
| Context menu options |  |
| Configuration for set as main node | Nexus map configuration required to enable the "Make this primary" functionality at the node level. This configuration reflects the hierarchy flow for the node that is designated as primary. |

8.To submit the details of the Node status configuration, select Submit.
The Node status configuration record is displayed in the Node status configurations related list.
Node status configuration form
Use the Node status configuration form to configure the Node status conditions and parameters
for the selected node configuration table.
Node status configuration new record form
Node status configuration new record form
Field Description
Node configuration Node configuration record for which the Node
status configuration is being configured.
Table Table associated with the node configuration
for which the conditions and parameters are
updated. For example, Entity [sn_grc_profile].
Conditions Entity and related list conditions. Once the
conditions are satisfied, the node status is
updated and reflected in the Nexus map.
Color Color to be displayed for the node status
once the conditions are satisfied, for example,
Critical or Magenta.
Icon Icon to be used for the node in the main node
UI, for example, exclamation-outline.
Order Order assigned to the Node status
configuration. This field is auto-assigned. The
system selects the configuration to use when a
node satisfies the condition and has the least
order.
Context menu options
Configuration for set as main node Nexus map configuration required to enable
the "Make this primary" functionality at the
node level. This configuration reflects the
hierarchy flow for the node that is designated
as primary.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Configuration for 360° view | 360° view type that is selected for the Nexus map configuration. |
| Context record | Context record for the table selected. This field is auto-filled. for example, for the Entity [sn_grc_profile] table, the "Applies to record" value is auto-filled for this field. |

Node status configuration new record form (continued)
Field Description
Configuration for 360° view 360° view type that is selected for the Nexus
map configuration.
Context record Context record for the table selected. This
field is auto-filled. for example, for the Entity
[sn_grc_profile] table, the "Applies to record"
value is auto-filled for this field.
Configure the Edge configurations
Configure the Edge configurations settings for the selected Nexus map configuration. You can
then configure the label, tooltip, default edge type for the edge of the selected node.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configuration and open the
desired Main node configuration from the list view.
2. Open the Nexus map configuration record from the Nexus map configurations related list.
3. In the Edge configurations related list, select New.
For more information on the fields, see Edge configuration form.
The Nexus map configuration, Node relationship configuration, Source table, Target table, and
Relationship table fields are auto-populated in the Edge configuration record.
4.To mark the Edge configuration as active, select the Active option field.
5. Select the label for the edge in the Label field.
6.Select the tooltip for the edge in the Tooltip fields.
7.Select the default edge type in the Default edge type fields.
8.To clear the selections for the label and tooltip, select Clear selections.
9.To submit the details of the Edge configuration, select Submit.
Edge configuration form
Use the Edge configuration form to configure the Edge configurations settings such as the label,
tooltip, default edge type for the edge of the selected node.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Nexus map configuration | Nexus map configuration record for which the edge is being configured. For example, OpRes resilience map UI (Bottom to Top). |
| Node relationship configuration | Node relationship configuration for which the edge is being configured. For example, Entity ← Entity. |
| Source table | Source table for which the edge is being configured. For example, Entity [sn_grc_profile]. |
| Target table | Target table for which the edge is being configured. For example, Entity [sn_grc_profile]. |
| Relationship table | Relationship table for the source and target tables. For example, Entity hierarchy [sn_grc_m2m_profile_profile] |
| Active | Option to mark the Edge configuration as active. |
| Label | Label to be displayed for the edge configuration once the conditions are satisfied, for example, Class. |
| Tooltip | Tooltip to be used for the edge configuration, for example, Domain created by. |
| Default edge type | Default edge type for the edge configuration, for example, Solid. |

Edge configuration new record form
Edge configuration new record form
Field Description
Nexus map configuration Nexus map configuration record for which the
edge is being configured. For example, OpRes
resilience map UI (Bottom to Top).
Node relationship configuration Node relationship configuration for which the
edge is being configured. For example, Entity
← Entity.
Source table Source table for which the edge is
being configured. For example, Entity
[sn_grc_profile].
Target table Target table for which the edge is
being configured. For example, Entity
[sn_grc_profile].
Relationship table Relationship table for the source and
target tables. For example, Entity hierarchy
[sn_grc_m2m_profile_profile]
Active Option to mark the Edge configuration as
active.
Label Label to be displayed for the edge
configuration once the conditions are
satisfied, for example, Class.
Tooltip Tooltip to be used for the edge configuration,
for example, Domain created by.
Default edge type Default edge type for the edge configuration,
for example, Solid.
Configure the Edge status configurations
Configure the Edge status configurations for the selected Nexus map configuration. You can
customize the display of connectors that meet specific conditions by assigning them distinct
colors and connector types.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configuration and open the
desired Main node configuration from the list.
2. Open the desired Nexus map configuration record from the Nexus map configurations related
list.
3. Open the Edge configuration record from the Edge configurations related list.
In the Edge configuration record, the details of the edge are auto-selected.
4.In the Edge status configurations related list, select New.
You can customize the map display such as assigning specific colors and icons to nodes that
meet certain conditions by configuring the Node status configuration record.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Edge configuration | Edge configuration to be defined between two specific entities. |
| Relationship table | Relationship table for the source and target tables. For example, Entity hierarchy [sn_grc_m2m_profile_profile] |
| Conditions | Entity and related list conditions. Once the conditions are satisfied, the edge status is updated and reflected in the Nexus map. |
| Color | Color to be displayed for the edge status once the conditions are satisfied, for example, Critical or Magenta. |
| Edge type | Edge type to be defined for the node, for example, Solid. |
| Label | Label to be defined for the node, for example, Primary. |

For more information on the fields, see Edge status configuration form.
The Edge status configuration record is displayed in which the Edge configuration and
Relationship table are auto-populated.
5. Add the conditions that must be satisfied for the node status configuration in the Conditions
field.
6.Select the color for the node status in the Color field.
7.Select the Edge type for the node status in the Edge type field.
The order for the node status is auto-selected.
8.Select the label for the edge status in the Label field.
9.To submit the details of the Edge status configuration, select Submit.
The Edge status configuration record is displayed in the Edge status configurations related list.
Edge status configuration form
Use the Edge configuration form to configure the Edge status settings for the selected Nexus
map configuration. You can customize the display of connectors that meet specific conditions by
assigning them distinct colors and connector types.
Edge status configuration new record form
Field Description
Edge configuration Edge configuration to be defined between two
specific entities.
Relationship table Relationship table for the source and
target tables. For example, Entity hierarchy
[sn_grc_m2m_profile_profile]
Conditions Entity and related list conditions. Once the
conditions are satisfied, the edge status is
updated and reflected in the Nexus map.
Color Color to be displayed for the edge status
once the conditions are satisfied, for example,
Critical or Magenta.
Edge type Edge type to be defined for the node, for
example, Solid.
Label Label to be defined for the node, for example,
Primary.