### Configure 360º views for services and processes

6.Select Update.
The updated properties are saved.
Configure 360º views for services and processes
Configure 360º views for the services, business services, business processes, and application
services. You can select the table for which you want to update the sector configurations,
relationship registries, and their positions on the 360º view.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > 360º View Configurations > Configure 360º Views > .
2. Select the table for which you want to configure 360º View.
You can select the table from the list view as shown in the example.
The Configure 360º Views form for the selected table is displayed.
3. Update the section configuration for the top, bottom, left, and right positions as desired in the
Sector configuration field.

4.To update the relationship configurations, choose Select Relationships in the Relationships
Registries related list.
5. Select Update.
The selected relationships are saved in the application.
6.Navigate to the specific form in the Operational Resilience Workspace.
7.Select the 360º View UI action.
You can navigate to the 360º view for the selected table.
8.Verify the positions of the relationships on the form.
The 360º view shows the context information of the opened service, business service, service
offering, and business process. When you select the node, it shows more information on the
selected node in the right side panel. You can verify the placements and positions of the
relationships on the form as shown in the example.
For more information on 360º views, see Exploring the 360º view.
Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration
The Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration, used by new customers, fetches CMDB
objects such as business services, business processes, service offerings, and application
services into Operational Resilience. Existing customers typically use the Service (CMDB) Main
node configuration. Administrators or UI Builder administrators can display or hide the Services
overview or Business services overview tab from the Workspace view based on organizational
needs.

For Opres with CSDM header configuration, Operational Resilience administrators set up the
records in the following required tables:
•Business Service [cmdb_ci_service_business]
•Service Offering [service_offering]
•Business Process [cmdb_ci_business_process]
•Application Service [cmdb_ci_service_auto]
After setting up the records in the required tables, Operational Resilience administrators
define the hierarchy levels and add relationships for the records. For example, you can set up a
hierarchy from business service to service offering, from service offering to business process,
and from business process to application service.
Node relationship configurations
You can configure the node relationships such as the sequence, source table, relationship table,
target table, and active flag in the Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration as shown in
the example.
The following illustration shows the node relationship configurations for Opres with CSDM
header Main node configuration, provided as the base version. For each relationship
[cmdb_rel_ci] table, you can set up combined relationship configurations. For example, for a
business service as the parent class, you can configure its relationship to a service offering, then
to a business process, and to an application service.

The relationship of the CMDB objects is shown in the illustration. The data shown in the
illustration exists in the CMDB tables. Main node relationships are configured to inform
Operational Resilience about the type of data that should be imported into the application.
For information on updating the node relationship configurations, see Configure the Node
relationship configurations
.
Service (CMDB) Main node configuration
The Service (CMDB) Main node configuration defines the relationships for the services. Existing
customers typically use the Service (CMDB) Main node configuration, while new customers use
the Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration. Administrators can display or hide the
Services overview or Business services overview based on organizational needs.
For the Service (CMDB) Main node configuration, the source typically used is OpRes CMDB and
the table used is Configuration Item [cmdb_ci].

Node relationship configurations
You can configure the node relationships such as the sequence, source table, relationship table,
target table, and active flag in the Service (CMDB) Main node configuration as shown in the
example.
Business process to dependencies Main node configuration
The Business process to dependencies Main node configuration defines the relationships from a
Business process to its dependencies.
For the Business process to dependencies Main node configuration, the source is OpRes CMDB
and the table is Business Process [cmdb_ci_business_process].
Node relationship configurations
You can configure the node relationships such as the sequence, source table, relationship table,
target table, and active flag in the Business process to dependencies Main node configuration
as shown in the example.
Business service to dependencies Main node configuration
The Business service to dependencies Main node configuration defines the relationships from a
Business service to its dependencies.

For the Business service to dependencies Main node configuration, the source is OpRes CMDB
and the table is Business Service [cmdb_ci_service_business].
Node relationship configurations
You can configure the node relationships such as the sequence, source table, relationship table,
target table, and active flag in the Business service to dependencies Main node configuration as
shown in the example.
TPRM integration: As shown in the node relationship configuration of the Business Service
to Dependencies, if you have the TPRM application installed, you can establish relationships
between a business service and a contract, and from a contract to a company or an engagement.
Service offering to dependencies Main node configuration
The Service offering to dependencies Main node configuration defines the relationships from a
Service offering to its dependencies.
For the Service offering to dependencies Main node configuration, the source is OpRes CMDB
and the table is Offering [service_offering].
Node relationship configurations
You can configure the node relationships such as the sequence, source table, relationship table,
target table, and active flag in the Service offering to dependencies Main node configuration as
shown in the example.