### Sample Services to dependencies configuration

BCM dependencies related Main node configurations
When the Business Continuity Management application is installed in an instance, BCM
dependencies are fetched into the Operational Resilience application.
When the Business Continuity Management application is installed in an instance, BCM
dependencies are fetched into the Operational Resilience application as shown in the example.
•BCM - CMDB
•Downstream related plans
•Plan primary assets
•Plan related assets
•Upstream related plans
Sample Services to dependencies configuration
Create a Services to dependencies sample Main node configuration record for linking services
to dependencies.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
For the configuration sequence and instructions in Operational Resilience, see Configuring
Operational Resilience.

For instructions on creating the Main node configuration records, see Configure the Main node
configurations.
Procedure
1.Download the Operational Resilience application in your instance.
For instructions on downloading the Operational Resilience application, see Install
Operational Resilience application.
2. Ensure that you have set up the pillars, entity types, entity filters and entities are generated.
Refer to the configuration instructions on the Configuring Operational Resilience page.
3. Ensure that you have the Data Relationships Framework application, which is available by
default, is available in your instance.
Ensure that you have completed other pre-requisites listed in the Configure the Main node
configurations.
4.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configurations.
Note: In order for the Main node configuration to be picked up by the scheduled job, its
source should be OpRes CMDB and its status should be True (Active).
5. To create a new Main configuration record, select New.
For descriptions of all the fields in the form, see Main node configuration form.
6.Add the name for the configuration as Service to Dependencies.
7.To use it in the Operational Resilience scheduled job, select the source as OpRes CMDB and
set the status to True.
8.Select the table from where you want the hierarchy to start, for example, Service.
9.Add conditions to filter the records for which this main node definition is created.
The following example shows the filter condition for the Service to Dependencies
configuration.
10.Select Submit.
The Service to Dependencies Main node configuration is created and displayed in the Main
node configurations list.

11. To define the node relationships, open the Service to Dependencies Main node configuration
record and select New in the Node relationship configurations.
The Node relationship configuration new record is displayed.
For description of the fields, see Relationship registry record form.
12. Select the table of your choice in the Source table field in the Source tab.
By default, the system auto-selects the table listed in the Main configuration record, the
Service [cmdb_ci_service] table in this example. You can choose the auto-suggested table or a
different table as per your requirements.
13.Select the relationship registry record in the Relationship registry field in the Relationship tab.
The relationship registry record defines how the Source table links to another table.

a.Select the Search icon and select the Relationship registry record from the available list.
Selecting the search icon shows the out-of-the-box Relationship registries that have Service
as the source table. You can select a Relationship registry from the list.
b.To select a new registry record instead of choosing a record from the out-of-the-box list,
select New.
You can create a new registry record if the out-of-the-box options do not meet your needs.
c.Add a meaningful name for the new Relationship registry record.
You can add a proper name to avoid confusion because there might be other registries with
the same name.
d. Select the relationship table in the Table field.
The table should be the same as the Source table from the previous screen. This table name
may be different from the table that you have defined in the Main node configuration record.
e. Select the relationship type for the table in the Relationship type field.
Once the table is selected, the following options are displayed in the drop-down.
i. One-to-one
ii.One-to-many
iii. Many-to-many
iv.Scripted relationship
Based on the selected drop-down value, a different list of tables is displayed in the
Relationship field. The One-to-one option is considered in this example.
f.Select the relationship table in the Relationship table field.
For One-to-one relationship type, the Relationship field shows the list of tables that are used
as reference fields in the Source table.

After you select the relationship table, the table name is populated in the Relationship field.
g.Select Submit.
You have configured the Source table and Relationship registry.
You can configure the Target section in the Node relationship configuration record in the next
step.
14.For non-m2m tables, in the Target tab, select Sys ID as the Target reference field and choose
the Relationship table as the Target table.
The Target table and Target reference field are shown in the example.