### Sample Application service to dependencies configuration

15.Select Submit.
The Node relationship configuration for the Service to Dependencies Main configuration
record is now updated.
Sample Application service to dependencies configuration
Create an Application service to dependencies sample Main node configuration record for
linking an application service to the dependencies.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
For the configuration sequence and instructions in Operational Resilience, see Configuring
Operational Resilience.
For instructions on creating the Main node configuration records, see Configure the Main node
configurations.
Procedure
1.Download the Operational Resilience application in your instance.
For instructions on downloading the Operational Resilience application, see Install
Operational Resilience application.
2. Ensure that you have set up the pillars, entity types, entity filters and entities are generated.
Refer to the configuration instructions on the Configuring Operational Resilience page.
3. Ensure that you have the Data Relationships Framework application, which is available by
default, is available in your instance.
Ensure that you have completed other pre-requisites listed in the Configure the Main node
configurations.
4.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configurations.

Note: In order for the Main node configuration to be picked up by the scheduled job, its
source should be OpRes CMDB and its status should be True (Active).
5. To create a new Main configuration record, select New.
For descriptions of all the fields in the form, see Main node configuration form.
6.Add the name for the configuration as Application service to dependencies.
7.To use it in the Operational Resilience scheduled job, select the source as OpRes CMDB and
set the status to True.
8.Select the table from where you want the hierarchy to start, for example, Application Service
[cmdb_ci_service_auto].
9.Add conditions to filter the records for which this main node configuration is created.
This is an optional step.
The Application service to dependencies Main node configuration is shown in the example.
10.Select Submit.
The Application service to dependencies Main node configuration is created and displayed in
the Main node configurations list.
11. To define the node relationships for the Application service to dependencies Main node
configuration, open the record from the list and select New in the Node relationship
configurations.
The Node relationship configuration new record is displayed.

For the description of the fields, see Relationship registry record form.
12. Select the table of your choice in the Source table field in the Source tab.
By default, the system auto-selects the table listed in the Main configuration record, for
example, Application Service [cmdb_ci_service_auto]. You can choose the auto-suggested
table or a different table as per your requirements.
13.Select the relationship registry record in the Relationship registry field in the Relationship tab.
The relationship registry record defines how the Source table links to another table.
a.Select the Search icon and select the Relationship registry record from the available list.
Selecting the search icon shows the out-of-the-box Relationship registries that have Service
as the source table. You can select a Relationship registry from the list.
You can also create a new registry record if the out-of-the-box options do not meet your
needs.
b.Add a meaningful name for the new Relationship registry record.
You can add a proper name to avoid confusion because there might be other registries with
the same name.
c.Select the relationship table in the Table field.
The table should be the same as the Source table from the previous screen. This table name
may be different from the table that you have defined in the Main node configuration record.

d. Select the relationship type for the table in the Relationship type field.
Once the table is selected, the following options are displayed in the drop-down.
i. One-to-one
ii.One-to-many
iii. Many-to-many
iv.Scripted relationship
Based on the selected drop-down value, a different list of tables is displayed in the
Relationship field. The One-to-one option is shown in this example.
e. Select the relationship table in the Relationship table field.
After you select the relationship table, the table name is populated in the Relationship field.
14.Select the Target table in the Target tab.
The Target table and Target reference field are shown in the example.
15.Select Submit.