### Sample end-to-end workflow for a business service

The Node relationship configuration for the Application service to dependencies Main
configuration record is now updated.
Sample end-to-end workflow for a business service
Configure an end-to-end workflow for a business service to fetch the CSDM dependencies
and red flags data to Operational Resilience. You must ensure that entities are generated and
associated with pillars, and that the Main node configurations are set up before fetching the
required data.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
About this task
For the configuration sequence and instructions in Operational Resilience, see Configuring
Operational Resilience.
For instructions on creating the Main node configuration records, see Configure the Main node
configurations.
Procedure
1.Download the Operational Resilience application in your instance.
For instructions on downloading the Operational Resilience application, see Install
Operational Resilience application.
2. Ensure that you have set up the pillars, entity types, entity filters and entities are generated.
Refer to the configuration instructions on the Configuring Operational Resilience page.
3. Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Business service and select a
business service.
You can select a business service, for example, BS1-VM, as shown in the illustration.

4.To add the business service to Operational Resilience reporting, select the service from the list
and select Add to OpRes reporting.
The selected service is added to Operational Resilience reporting.
5. Verify that an entity is created for the business service, it is listed in the Business Services
entity type on the Entity types page, and it is set to active on that page.
You can verify that the value of the Active column for the Business Services is set to True.
Verify that the entity is listed in the Entities tab and it is marked as Active in the Details
tab.
Note: The following example illustrates how to use entity filters to generate entities.
However, for actual entity creation, you should run the GRC Profile Generation
scheduled job rather than using entity filters.
For reference, the GRC Profile Generation job details are shown.

a.In the Entity Filters tab, verify the filter condition for the business service that you want to
include and fetch it in Operational Resilience.
b.Use either Build your own conditions or Select from predefined queries option in the Entity
filter type field and select Save.
You can build your own conditions or use predefined queries as shown in the examples.
Once the filter condition or query is used, the entities are generated for the selected business
service.
6.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configurations and select the
Main node configuration.
The following example shows the Main node configurations
that are provided with the base system for the OpRes CMDB
source.
7.To fetch all these relationships into the entity hierarchies in Operational Resilience, execute
the Update CSDM and other dependencies scheduled job.
The following illustration shows all scheduled jobs.
The UpdateCSDMDependencies function in the Update CSDM and other
dependencies scheduled job fetches all dependencies of the business service into an
entity hierarchy, as part of the Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration.

When the scheduled job is executed, it creates an entity hierarchy for preconfigured
relationships in the Main node configurations.
8.Verify that the corresponding entities are generated in the business service record.
9.In the business service record, select Go to entities and select the Hierarchy tab to view how
the entities are inherited from each other.

Based on the node relationship configurations set up in each Main node configuration,
the downstream dependencies are pulled from CSDM or dependency assessment in the
BIA.
10.To calculate the red flags, execute the Calculate red flags for CSDM and
dependencies scheduled job.
When the Calculate red flags for CSDM and dependencies scheduled job is
triggered, it cleans up all the staging records and then it starts calculating the red flags.
The red flags data, including issues, high risks, failed controls, change requests, tasks,
incidents, and outages, are listed for each dependency and also in the separate Red flags tabs
in the business service record.
11. To view dependencies of the business service from the CMDB, select the Open dependency
view option in the business service record.
The dependency view shows how the relationships of the selected business service are
configured in the CMDB.