### Sample end-to-end workflow for services

12. To access a comprehensive overview of the business service record, select the 360º view
option.
The 360º view of the business service record is displayed.
Sample end-to-end workflow for services
Configure an end-to-end workflow for the service to fetch the CSDM dependencies and red flags
data to Operational Resilience. You must ensure that entities are generated and associated with
pillars, and that the Main node configurations are set up before fetching the required data.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
About this task
For the configuration sequence and instructions in Operational Resilience, see Configuring
Operational Resilience.
For instructions on creating the Main node configuration records, see Configure the Main node
configurations.

Procedure
1.Download the Operational Resilience application in your instance.
For instructions on downloading the Operational Resilience application, see Install
Operational Resilience application.
2. Ensure that you have set up the pillars, entity types, entity filters and entities are generated.
Refer to the configuration instructions on the Configuring Operational Resilience page.
3. Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Service and select the service.
You can select a service record as shown in the illustration.
4.To add the service to Operational Resilience reporting, select the service from the list and
select Add to OpRes reporting.
The selected service is added to Operational Resilience reporting.
5. Verify that the entity is created for the service and it is listed in the Services (OR) entity type in
the Entity types page.
Verify that the entity is listed in the Entities tab and it is marked as Active in the Details tab.

Note: The following example illustrates how to use entity filters to generate entities.
However, for actual entity creation, you should run the GRC Profile Generation
scheduled job rather than using entity filters.
For reference, the GRC Profile Generation job details are shown.
a.In the Entity Filters tab, verify the filter condition for the service that you want to include and
fetch it in Operational Resilience.
b.Use either Build your own conditions or Select from predefined queries option in the Entity
filter type and select Save.
Entities are generated for the selected service.
6.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configurations and select the
Main node configuration.
7.To fetch all these relationships into the entity hierarchies in Operational Resilience, execute
the Update CSDM and other dependencies scheduled job.
The following illustration shows all scheduled jobs and their set schedules.
The UpdateCSDMDependencies function in the Update CSDM and other
dependencies scheduled job fetches all dependencies of the business service into an
entity hierarchy, as part of the Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration.