### Completing general administrative tasks

When the scheduled job is executed, it creates an entity hierarchy for preconfigured
relationships in the Main node configurations.
8.To calculate the red flags, execute the Calculate red flags for CSDM and
dependencies scheduled job.
Red flags, including issues, high risks, failed controls, change requests, tasks, incidents, and
outages, are updated in the business service record.
9.Verify that the corresponding entities are generated in the service record.
10.In the service record, select Go to entities and select the Hierarchy tab to view how the
entities are inherited from each other.
Based on the node relationship configurations set up in each Main node configuration, the
downstream dependencies are pulled from the CSDM or dependency assessment in the BIA.
11. To view the dependencies of the service, select the Open dependency view option.
12. To access a comprehensive overview of the service record, select the 360º view option.
Completing general administrative tasks
A user with the sn_oper_res.admin role can perform the setup tasks in the Operational
Resilience application.
Admin module in the classic Operational Resilience view
If you have the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can configure the Admin module and set up the
administrative tasks in the Operational Resilience Workspace as shown in the following example:
Admin module in the classic view
A user with the sn_oper_res.admin role can set up the following entities by using the Admin
module:
•Entity Types
Note: Installing the Operational Resilience application inserts seed data to the Entity
type [sn_grc_profile_type] table. Both entity types and entity filters are installed as
inactive. When you activate them, it could lead to generation of thousands of entity
records.
•Pillars
•Scenarios

•Event Groups
•Events
•Participant Roles
•Important Choices
•Importance and Impact Tolerance Rating Scale
•Attestation Templates
•Assessment Templates
Note: When you log in to the application as a user with the sn_oper_res.admin role, you
can view the Admin module.
Operational Resilience administrators can create pillars and can also modify the reports on the
dashboard.
Note: Though you can modify the entity types, their filters, and pillars as a user with the
sn_oper_res.admin role, you must exercise proper caution while modifying them.
Administrative setup tasks
As a user with the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can complete the following general setup tasks:
•Create a scenario that represents a risk. For more information, see Create a scenario and link it
to an event.
•Classify an event by associating it with an event group. For more information, see Create an
event group for the scenario.
•Create an event that you can associate with a scenario. For more information, see Create an
event for the scenario.
•Add a participant role for your scenario analysis. For more information, see Add a participant
role for the scenario analysis.
•Update the assessment rating by using the Important choices module. For more information,
see Update the Important choices module.
•Update the importance and impact rating scale. For more information, see Set up the
Importance and Impact Tolerance Rating Scale.
•Create an attestation template. For more information, see Create and edit the attestation
template.
Create a scenario and link it to an event
Create a scenario in the Operational Resilience application so that you can associate it with an
event and assess its impact on your business services.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
A scenario helps you to determine the risks that are applicable to your business. If you have the
sn_oper_res.admin role, you can create a scenario in the Operational Resilience application. You
can use a scenario to test how an event can impact your organization.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the scenario. |
| Description | Description of the scenario. |
| Number | Number of the scenario record. This field is auto-filled. |

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Scenarios.
2. Click New.
The sample configuration for the Scenario New record form is shown in the following example.
Sample configuration for the Scenario New record form
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
For the description of the field values, see Scenario New record form.
4.Click Submit.
You have associated an event with a scenario. The Events related list displays the associated
events as shown in the following example.
Events that are associated with a scenario
The order for the event is tied to the scenario and it is auto-filled by default in the related list.
Scenario New record form
Use the Scenario New record form to create a scenario and test how an event that is associated
with a scenario can impact your organization.
Scenario New record form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Scenario New record form
Field Description
Name Name of the scenario.
Description Description of the scenario.
Number Number of the scenario record. This field is auto-filled.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Active | Option to mark the scenario as active. |
| Pillars | List of pillars that you can associate with the scenario. The following pillars are provided with the Operational Resilience base system: •Facilities •People •Process •Suppliers •Technology |
| Related list (Displayed after a scenario is added) |  |
| Events | Events that are related to a scenario. The related list displays the name of the event, its active status, description, associated event group, and its order that is related to the scenario. The order for the event is tied to the scenario and it is auto-filled by default in the related list. Note: You can add a new event or edit an existing event that is related to a scenario. |

Scenario New record form (continued)
Field Description
Active Option to mark the scenario as active.
Pillars List of pillars that you can associate with the scenario. The following pillars are
provided with the Operational Resilience base system:
•Facilities
•People
•Process
•Suppliers
•Technology
Related list (Displayed after a scenario is added)
Events Events that are related to a scenario. The related list displays the name of the
event, its active status, description, associated event group, and its order that
is related to the scenario. The order for the event is tied to the scenario and it is
auto-filled by default in the related list.
Note: You can add a new event or edit an existing event that is related to a
scenario.
Create an event group for the scenario
Create an event group in the Operational Resilience application so that you can categorize the
events that are defined in a scenario.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Classify the events of a similar type into an event group for your scenario. For example, you
can classify a natural event, such as flooding, into the Weather event group. Similarly, you can
classify a power outage under the Energy Issues event group.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Event Groups.
2. Click New.
3. In the Name field, enter the name for the event group.
4.In the Label field, enter the label for the event group.
The configuration of a sample event group is shown in the following example.
Sample configuration for the GRC Choice New record form

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Set | View that is set to Operational Resilience by default. |
| Name | Name of the event group. For example, Weather or Energy Issues. |
| Label | Label for the event group that appears in the UI. |
| Choice category | Category that is set to Event group by default. |
| Order | Order of the event group. |
| Parent | Parent category that you associate with an event group. |

5. In the Order field, enter the order for the event group and click Submit.
For more information on the fields in the Event group form, see GRC Choice New record form.
GRC Choice New record form
Use the GRC Choice New record form to classify your events and organize them into event
groups.
GRC Choice New record form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
GRC Choice New record form
Field Description
Set View that is set to Operational Resilience by default.
Name Name of the event group. For example, Weather or Energy Issues.
Label Label for the event group that appears in the UI.
Choice category Category that is set to Event group by default.
Order Order of the event group.
Parent Parent category that you associate with an event group.
Create an event for the scenario
Create an event in the Operational Resilience application so that you can associate it with a
scenario and assess its impact on your services.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
If you have the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can create an event in the Operational Resilience
application. An event can be something like flooding or a power outage. You can classify the
events that are of a similar type under an event group.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Events.
2. Click New.
3. In the Name field, enter the name for the event.
4.In the Description field, enter the description for the event.
5. In the Event group field, select an event group.
For a description of the field values in the form, see Event New record form.
Note: You can add an event to many scenarios, but you can add an event to a scenario
only once.
6.Click Submit.
You can classify an event under an event group as shown in the following example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the event. For example, Flooding or Earthquake. |
| Description | Description of the event. |
| Event group | Event group that you associate with the event. For example, Weather Issues. |
| Active | Option to mark the event as active. |

Sample configuration for the Event New record form
As shown in the example, the scenarios for an event can be associated with different pillars.
Event New record form
Use the Event New record form to create an event that you can associate with a scenario and
assess its impact on your services.
Event New record form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Event New record form
Field Description
Name Name of the event. For example, Flooding or Earthquake.
Description Description of the event.
Event group Event group that you associate with the event. For example, Weather Issues.
Active Option to mark the event as active.
Add a participant role for the scenario analysis
Add a participant role for your scenario analysis in the Operational Resilience application so that
you can collect the observations and recommendations of the participants by their roles and
functions.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Depending on the scenario analysis type, such as a scenario analysis for critical services, you
can add the participants from the associated business functions and assign various roles. For
example, you can add HR, Legal, Finance, or Procurement roles to your participants.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Participant Roles and click New.
2. In the Set field, select Operational Resilience.
3. In the Name field, enter the name for the participant role.
4.In the Label field, enter a label for the participant role.
5. In the Choice category field, select Role.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Set | View that is set to Operational Resilience by default. |
| Name | Name of the role. For example, Facilities or Finance. |
| Label | Label for the role that appears in the UI. |
| Choice category | Category that is set to Role by default. |
| Value | Integer value that you set for the role. |
| Order | Order of the role. This field displays the order of the participant role in the GRC Choice table. |
| Parent | Parent category that you associate with the role. |

6.In the Value field, enter the value of the choice for the participant role.
7.In the Order field, enter an order for the participant role.
This field displays the order of the participant role in the GRC Choice table.
8.In the Parent lookup list options, select a parent service.
See the sample configuration for a participant role as shown in the following example.
Sample configuration for the GRC Choice New record form
9.Click Submit.
Result
In the Participant Roles module in the application UI, the participant role is listed in the Roles list
view.
GRC Choice New record form
Use the GRC Choice New record form to add a role for the participants of your scenario analysis.
GRC Choice New record form for the role
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
GRC Choice New record form
Field Description
Set View that is set to Operational Resilience by default.
Name Name of the role. For example, Facilities or Finance.
Label Label for the role that appears in the UI.
Choice Category that is set to Role by default.
category
Value Integer value that you set for the role.
Order Order of the role. This field displays the order of the participant role in the GRC
Choice table.
Parent Parent category that you associate with the role.
Update the Important choices module
Update the rating of the assessment in the Operational Resilience application so that you can
update the criticality and the order of the assessment for your business services.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
You can update the criticality and the order of the assessment rating by using the Important
choices module. This task is optional.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Set | View that is set to Operational Resilience. |
| Name | Name of the assessment rating. For example, 1- Most Critical. |
| Label | Label of the assessment rating. For example, 1- Most Critical. |
| Choice category | Choice category. It is set to Assessment Rating by default. |
| Order | Field used for sorting the order of the assessment rating. Based on the Importance and Impact Assessment score, the application selects the corresponding rating. |
| Parent | Parent setting that is associated with the assessment rating. For example, the Technology pillar can be associated with the assessment rating. |
| Active | Indicates whether the configuration record is currently active and available for selection in the GRC Choice table. |

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Important Choices.
You see the default assessment rating that is shown in the following example.
Default assessment rating
A sample assessment rating is shown in the following example.
2. Click New.
3. On the form, fill in the fields and select Submit.
For a description of the field values on the GRC Choices form, see GRC Choices form.
GRC Choices form
Use the GRC Choices form to set up the rating of the assessment by updating its criticality and
the order of the choice in the Important choices module.
GRC Choices form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
GRC Choices form
Field Description
Set View that is set to Operational Resilience.
Name Name of the assessment rating. For example, 1- Most Critical.
Label Label of the assessment rating. For example, 1- Most Critical.
Choice Choice category. It is set to Assessment Rating by default.
category
Order
Field used for sorting the order of the assessment rating. Based on the Importance
and Impact Assessment score, the application selects the corresponding rating.
Parent Parent setting that is associated with the assessment rating. For example, the
Technology pillar can be associated with the assessment rating.
Active Indicates whether the configuration record is currently active and available for
selection in the GRC Choice table.

| Importance | Impact tolerance | Impact tolerance icon | Minimum- maximum score | Order |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1—Most critical | 1 Day | flag-fill | 76—100 | 10 |
| 2— Somewhat critical | 2 Days | triangle- exclamation-fill | 51—75 | 20 |
| 3—Less critical | 3 Days | binoculars-fill | 26—50 | 30 |
| 4—Not critical | 4 Days | circle-check-fill | 0—25 | 40 |

Set up the Importance and Impact Tolerance Rating Scale
Set up the Importance and Impact Tolerance Rating Scale in the Operational Resilience
application so that you can define new parameters for your business services.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Define new parameters such as importance, impact tolerance, impact tolerance
icon and its color, minimum and maximum tolerance value, and the tolerance order
for your business service. When the options in the sn_grc_choice table are set as
choice_category=opres_asmt_rating and set=operational_resilience, the
Operational Resilience application delivers the following default importance rating scales. This
task is optional.
Default importance rating scales
Impact tolerance Minimum-
Importance Impact tolerance Order
icon maximum score
1—Most critical 1 Day flag-fill 76—100 10
2— Somewhat 2 Days triangle- 51—75 20
critical exclamation-fill
3—Less critical 3 Days binoculars-fill 26—50 30
4—Not critical 4 Days circle-check-fill 0—25 40
When a new questionnaire template is created, the application clones the default rating scale to
it.
A user with the sn_oper_res.admin role can change the rating scale for the individual templates.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Importance and Impact Tolerance Rating
Scale.
You see the default importance and impact tolerance rating scales as shown in the following
example.
Importance and Impact Tolerance Rating Scales module
2. Click New.
You can define new parameters such as the importance, impact tolerance, impact tolerance
icon and its color, minimum and maximum tolerance value, and the tolerance order for your
business service.
3. On the form, fill in the fields and click Submit.
For a description of the field values on the Rating Scale New Record form, see Rating Scale
New Record form.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Importance | Importance scale for the service. Available options are as follows: •1- Most critical •2- Somewhat critical •3- Less critical •4- Not critical |
| Color | Color for the selected tolerance rating. Available options are: •none •blue •brown •critical •gray •green •green-yellow •high •info •low •magenta •moderate •orange •pink •positive •purple •teal •warning •yellow |
| Order | Order for the defined importance and tolerance duration. |
| Minimum | Minimum score for the tolerance level of the disruption. |
| Maximum | Maximum score for the tolerance level of the disruption. |

Rating Scale New Record form
Use the Rating Scale New Record form to set up the default importance rating scale to define the
parameters of the rating scale for your business services.
Rating Scale New Record form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Rating Scale New Record form
Field Description
Importance Importance scale for the service. Available options are as follows:
•1- Most critical
•2- Somewhat critical
•3- Less critical
•4- Not critical
Color Color for the selected tolerance rating. Available options are:
•none
•blue
•brown
•critical
•gray
•green
•green-yellow
•high
•info
•low
•magenta
•moderate
•orange
•pink
•positive
•purple
•teal
•warning
•yellow
Order Order for the defined importance and tolerance duration.
Minimum Minimum score for the tolerance level of the disruption.
Maximum Maximum score for the tolerance level of the disruption.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Impact tolerance | Impact tolerance duration in days as per the defined importance of the service. |
| Impact tolerance icon | Impact tolerance icon for the selected tolerance rating. |

Rating Scale New Record form (continued)
Field Description
Impact tolerance Impact tolerance duration in days as per the defined importance of the
service.
Impact tolerance Impact tolerance icon for the selected tolerance rating.
icon
Create and edit the attestation template
Create a customized attestation template in the Operational Resilience application that suits
your business needs. By customizing an attestation template, you can add your own questions
for your self-attestation. You can also edit an existing attestation template for your own business
needs.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
The Operational Resilience application provides you with an attestation template as part of the
base system. Creating an attestation template is optional.
If you have the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can also edit an existing attestation template for your
own business needs. You can select and update the questions in the attestation template as
shown in the following example.
You can update the questions according to your business requirements as shown in the
following example.

Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Assessment Workspace to access the Assessment Workspace
landing page.
2. Select New template and then fill in the Template details in the Create assessment template
form.
a.Enter the name of the template in the Template name field in the Details section of the
General tab.
You can add the name for the self-attestation template, for example, the self attestation
assessment template.
b.Add details about the template in the Description field.
c.Select Self attestation assessment as the purpose from the Assessment templates list.
Ensure that you select the correct purpose, as it is crucial for the self-attestation process.
d. Select the assessment target as Self attestation.
e. Select Create.
f.In the Settings section, add the duration of the assessment in the number of days, assign
Assessment reader role such as sn_oper_res.user, and select Save.
g.Add questions and set up automation in the Questions and Automation tabs respectively.
For more information, see Add instructions and questions to an assessment template and
Automate response.
h.To publish the template, select Publish.
3. To update the legacy template, complete the following steps.
a.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Admin > Attestation Templates.
b.To create a customized template, select New.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the template. |
| Description | Information about the template. |
| Active | Option to enable the template. |

Customized attestation template
Attestation template
c.On the Assessment Metric Type New Record form, enter the name for the attestation
template and select Submit.
For a description of the field values on the form, see Assessment Metric Type New Record
form.
The attestation template is displayed in the templates list view as shown in the following
example.
Attestation template in the list view
By selecting Submit, you add the Operational Resilience tables and the application users to
your customized attestation template.
Assessment Metric Type New Record form
Use the Assessment Metric Type New Record form to create an attestation template to create the
attestations. Use the template form to create a record.
Assessment Metric Type New Record form
For a description of the field values on the form, see the following table.
Assessment Metric Type New Record form
Field Description
Name Name of the template.
Description Information about the template.
Active Option to enable the template.
State State of the assessment. The available options
are as follows:

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Draft •Published This field is auto-filled. |
| Metric categories | Category that represents a theme for evaluating assessable records in a given metric type. It displays the name of the template, description of the category, its weight, order, and so on. For information on Weight categories and metrics in the Assessments application, see Assessment metric categories . |

Assessment Metric Type New Record form (continued)
Field Description
•Draft
•Published
This field is auto-filled.
Metric categories Category that represents a theme for
evaluating assessable records in a given
metric type. It displays the name of the
template, description of the category, its
weight, order, and so on. For information
on Weight categories and metrics in the
Assessments application, see Assessment
metric categories .
Create a Smart Assessment template
Create a Smart Assessment template and impact automation that can be used in the
vulnerability types of an operational vulnerability.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Operational Resilience administrators contain the flow_designer role, enabling them to update
automation flows as needed.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Assessment Workspace or navigate to All > Smart
Assessment Engine > Administration > Template Categories.
2. Select New template.
You can create assessment templates to manage your assessments in the Assessment
Workspace. The following example shows demo data in an instance.
When you select New template, the form is displayed.
3. In the Create assessment template form, fill in the fields.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Template name | Unique meaningful name for the template, for example, BIA template using Smart Assessment. |
| Description | Description of the template such as why it is being used. |
| Purpose | Purpose or intended use of the template, such as, Self attestation assessment. |
| Assessment target | Table records that are used for the assessment. |

Create assessment template form
Field Description
Template name Unique meaningful name for the template,
for example, BIA template using Smart
Assessment.
Description Description of the template such as why it is
being used.
Purpose Purpose or intended use of the template,
such as, Self attestation assessment.
Assessment target Table records that are used for the
assessment.
You can now fill in the template with instructions, questions, and optional guidance for
responding to a question, as well as sections that group the related questions.
4.Navigate to the General tab.
a.Verify the template details, displayed in the Details section of the General tab.
b.In the Settings section, assign the Assessment reader role in the Assessment reader role
field.
c.Select Save.
For information on creating an assessment template, see Create an assessment template.
5. Navigate to the Questions tab and set up the assessment questions.
For information on adding instructions and questions to the assessment template, see Add
instructions and questions to an assessment template.
6.Select Publish.
7.In the Automations tab, view the user responses and select Open to view the actions that are
automatically triggered based on user responses.
8.Select Save and Publish.
Note: Starting with GRC: Operational Resilience, version 22.3.1, Smart Assessment
templates support version control, and version details are displayed on each template.

A message is displayed that the assessment template is published and it can be used to send
assessments. You can select OK or select Return to template list. The Automations and
Scoring tabs are displayed in the assessment template. The Smart Assessment template is
created and saved in the instance.
What to do next
Configure the vulnerability type after adding the Smart Assessment template. For more
information, see Set up the Operational vulnerability type.
Set up Legacy assessment template
Create your own questionnaire (assessment) template instead of using the default template in
the Operational Resilience application to suit your business needs.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Create your own questionnaire (assessment) template and request the responses from the
assessor. This task is optional.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Resilience > Administration > Assessment Templates.
2. To create an assessment template, click New as shown in the following example.
New risk assessment
3. On the Assessment Metric Type form, fill in the fields and click Submit.
The new assessment template is listed in the Assessment Metric Types list as shown in the
following example.
New assessment
For a description of the field values on the Assessment Templates form, see Assessment
Metric Type form.
Assessment Metric Type form
Use the Assessment Metric Type form to create an assessment questionnaire template instead
of using the default template. You can also use this form to request responses from the assessor.
Assessment Metric Type form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assessment template. |
| Roles | Additional user roles that can view the results and access records that are associated with this template. Users with the specified roles have read access to this template record and to the associated categories, metrics, assessable records and scorecards, category users, stakeholders, and decision matrices. |
| Active | Option to enable the assessment template. |
| State | Status of the assessment: Draft or Published. This field is auto-filled. |
| Description | Helpful information about the assessment template. Enter a clear description of the template and its purpose. |

Assessment Metric Type form
Field Description
Name Name of the assessment template.
Roles Additional user roles that can view the results
and access records that are associated with
this template. Users with the specified roles
have read access to this template record
and to the associated categories, metrics,
assessable records and scorecards, category
users, stakeholders, and decision matrices.
Active Option to enable the assessment template.
State Status of the assessment: Draft or Published.
This field is auto-filled.
Description Helpful information about the assessment
template. Enter a clear description of the
template and its purpose.
Create HTML and PDF document templates​
Create a customized HTML document template in the Operational Resilience application to
suit your business needs. You can use the customized HTML document template instead of the
default HTML template to export an attestation.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Creating a customized HTML document template is optional.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Document Templates > All Document Templates and click New.
The following question is displayed on the form: What kind of document template
would you like to create? The available options are as follows:
◦HTML Document Template
◦PDF Document Template
2. Select HTML Document Template.
3. In the Table field, select the Self Attestation [sn_oper_res_self_attestation] table.
The sample form is shown in the following example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Unique name for the HTML template. |
| Table | Type of table that is used for the template. The default value is the Self attestation [sn_oper_res_self_attestation] table. |
| Category | Category of the document template, such as Operational Resilience. |
| Application | Type of the application such as Global. This field is auto-filled. |
| State | State of the application such as Global. This field is auto-filled. |
| User criteria | Target record for the user criteria such as GRC Business Users. |
| Acknowledgment text | Acknowledgment text for the HTML template. |

HTML template
4.On the form, fill in the fields and click Submit.
The new template is displayed in the Document Templates list. For descriptions of the field
values, see HTML Template form.
Result
If you have the sn_oper_res.manager role, you can use the HTML template to generate a self-
attestation report.
HTML Template form
If you have the sn_oper_res.admin role, use the HTML Template form to create an HTML template
instead of using the default HTML template.
HTML Template form
For a description of the field values on the form, see the following table.
HTML Template form
Field Description
Name Unique name for the HTML template.
Table Type of table that is used for the template.
The default value is the Self attestation
[sn_oper_res_self_attestation] table.
Category Category of the document template, such as
Operational Resilience.
Application Type of the application such as Global. This
field is auto-filled.
State State of the application such as Global. This
field is auto-filled.
User criteria Target record for the user criteria such as GRC
Business Users.
Acknowledgment text Acknowledgment text for the HTML template.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Page number | Page number for the HTML template such as Default. |
| Body | Body text for the HTML template. |
| Language | Language for the HTML template. The default is English. |
| Signing type | Signature type for the HTML template. |
| Related lists |  |
| Header | Information about the header image. The options are as follows: •Header image: Click to add a header image. •Header image position: Position the header image by using the following options: ◦Left: Align the header image on the left of the page. ◦Center: Align the header image in the center of the page. ◦Right: Align the header image on the right of the page. •Header image height: Value of the header image height in pixels. |

HTML Template form (continued)
Field Description
Page number Page number for the HTML template such as
Default.
Body Body text for the HTML template.
Language Language for the HTML template. The default
is English.
Signing type Signature type for the HTML template.
Related lists
Header Information about the header image. The
options are as follows:
•Header image: Click to add a header image.
•Header image position: Position the header
image by using the following options:
◦Left: Align the header image on the left of
the page.
◦Center: Align the header image in the
center of the page.
◦Right: Align the header image on the right
of the page.
•Header image height: Value of the header
image height in pixels.
Footer Information about the footer image. The
options are as follows:
•Footer image: Click to add a footer image.
•Footer image position: Position the footer
image by using the following options:
◦Left: Align the footer image on the left of
the page.
◦Center: Align the footer image in the
center of the page.
◦Right: Align the footer image on the right
of the page.
•Footer image height: Enter the value of the
footer image height.
•Footer text: Add a footnote on the
document.
•Footer text position: Position the footer text
by using the following options:

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Left: Align the footer text on the left of the page. ◦Center: Align the footer text in the center of the page. ◦Right: Align the footer text on the right of the page. •Vertical alignment: Align the footer text by using the following options: ◦Above the footer image: Align the footer text above the footer image. ◦Below the footer image: Align the footer text below the footer image. |
| Page | Information about the page. The options are as follows: •Page size: Size of the page. The available options are as follows: ◦A4: A4 page size for the HTML template. ◦Letter: Letter page size for the HTML template. ◦Legal: Legal page size for the HTML template. •Top/Bottom margin: Top and bottom margin dimensions for the page in pixels. •Left/Right margin: Left and right margin dimensions for the page in pixels. |

HTML Template form (continued)
Field Description
◦Left: Align the footer text on the left of the
page.
◦Center: Align the footer text in the center
of the page.
◦Right: Align the footer text on the right of
the page.
•Vertical alignment: Align the footer text by
using the following options:
◦Above the footer image: Align the footer
text above the footer image.
◦Below the footer image: Align the footer
text below the footer image.
Page Information about the page. The options are as
follows:
•Page size: Size of the page. The available
options are as follows:
◦A4: A4 page size for the HTML template.
◦Letter: Letter page size for the HTML
template.
◦Legal: Legal page size for the HTML
template.
•Top/Bottom margin: Top and bottom margin
dimensions for the page in pixels.
•Left/Right margin: Left and right margin
dimensions for the page in pixels.
Show Business services overview tab in Workspace view
Starting with Release 20.1.x, the Services overview and Business services overview tabs are
displayed on the landing page of the Operational Resilience Workspace. Administrators or UI
Builder administrators can show or hide one of these tabs from the Workspace view based on
organizational needs.
Showing the Business services overview tab
To show the Business services overview tab and hide the Services overview tab, UI Builder
administrators can open the Settings tab in the UI Builder and choose Hide tab as shown in the
example.

Once the settings are saved, the Business services overview tab is displayed and the Services
overview tab is hidden from the landing page.
Showing the Services overview tab
To show the Services overview tab and hide the Business services overview tab, UI Builder
administrators can open the Settings tab in the UI Builder and deselect the Active flag (mark it
as inactive) as shown in the example.
Once the settings are saved, the Services overview tab is displayed and the Business services
overview tab is hidden from the landing page.
UIB setup to display or hide a tab
UI Builder administrators can configure the UI Builder pages to show or hide a tab in the
Workspace view as needed.

For more information, see the following reference links:
•UIB setup for tabs
•Community article on displaying a component in UI Builder
Setting up the Operational vulnerability module
Configure the Operational vulnerability feature in the Operational Resilience Workspace to help
identify and address operational vulnerabilities within your organization.
Operational vulnerability configuration overview
The Operational vulnerability feature is included by default with the Operational Resilience
application.
Here are the typical configuration steps in the Operational Resilience Workspace:
1.Report an operational vulnerability by creating an Operational vulnerability record.
2. Review the assigned and unassigned Operational vulnerability records. The Operational
Resilience administrator [sn_oper_res.admin] can assign the Operational vulnerability record.
3. Review the status of the approvals for the assigned operational vulnerabilities.
4.Set up the Operational vulnerability type.
5. Set up the State model and Action task model to define the state transitions for the operational
vulnerability record and action tasks.
6.Set up the Vulnerability Assessment Template for configuring important assessment details
such as the assessment duration, associated tables, filter conditions of the operational
vulnerability.
7.Set up the Document Template (HTML Template) for generating the PDF of the operational
vulnerability.
Set up the Operational vulnerability type
Set up the Operational vulnerability type. By defining the type and nature of the Operational
vulnerability, Operational Resilience administrators can efficiently assign the operational
vulnerabilities to the appropriate teams and address any issues in a timely manner.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
Administrators of Operational Resilience can create only one Vulnerability Type record within the
Operational Resilience Workspace.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Vulnerability > Vulnerability Types.
2. On the Vulnerability Type record form, fill in the fields.
The Vulnerability Type record form is shown in the example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Label | Label for the vulnerability type record. |
| Name | Name of the vulnerability type. For example, vulnerability_type. |
| Category | Category of the vulnerability type. For example, Operational vulnerability [sn_oper_res_vulnerability]. |
| Description | Description of the vulnerability type. |
| Active | Option to activate the vulnerability type. |
| State Model |  |
| State Model | Vulnerability state model. The state model and action task state model specify the workflow states and transition conditions for a record type and an action task, respectively. |
| Action task state Model | Action task model. A record type and an action task follow the workflow states configured in their respective state models. |
| Assessment Configuration |  |

For more information on the fields, see Vulnerability Type form.
3. Select the Smart Assessment template for the vulnerability type.
4.To update the record, select Update.
The Smart Assessment template is used to process the operational vulnerability.
5. To delete a record, select Delete.
Vulnerability Type form
On the Vulnerability Type form, fill in the fields for Operational vulnerability.
Create New Operational vulnerability form
Field Description
Label Label for the vulnerability type record.
Name Name of the vulnerability type. For example,
vulnerability_type.
Category Category of the vulnerability type. For
example, Operational vulnerability
[sn_oper_res_vulnerability].
Description Description of the vulnerability type.
Active Option to activate the vulnerability type.
State Model
State Model Vulnerability state model. The state model and
action task state model specify the workflow
states and transition conditions for a record
type and an action task, respectively.
Action task state Model Action task model. A record type and an action
task follow the workflow states configured in
their respective state models.
Assessment Configuration

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Assessment templates | Pre-defined formats to request responses from assessors or reviewers that help to evaluate the record. You can use one or multiple assessment templates and use them in the action tasks. Use the Smart Assessment template that has been added to the vulnerability type. |
| Template Configuration |  |
| Document templates | Pre-defined formats to generate the PDF of the vulnerability record. |
| Related lists |  |
| Subtypes | Sub-type of vulnerability type record. For example, Documentation Loss. |
| View Rules | Rules to define the form view of the vulnerabilities in the Operational Resilience Workspace. Specifying the rules helps you to define the view you want to use for the vulnerabilities and control how the vulnerability form appears. For example, Default view or Workspace view. |

Create New Operational vulnerability form (continued)
Field Description
Assessment templates Pre-defined formats to request responses
from assessors or reviewers that help to
evaluate the record. You can use one or
multiple assessment templates and use
them in the action tasks. Use the Smart
Assessment template that has been added to
the vulnerability type.
Template Configuration
Document templates Pre-defined formats to generate the PDF of the
vulnerability record.
Related lists
Subtypes Sub-type of vulnerability type record. For
example, Documentation Loss.
View Rules
Rules to define the form view of the
vulnerabilities in the Operational Resilience
Workspace. Specifying the rules helps
you to define the view you want to use for
the vulnerabilities and control how the
vulnerability form appears. For example,
Default view or Workspace view.
Assignment Rules
Rules to assign the tasks to users and groups
by default.
Note: Assignment rules apply only
when the operational vulnerability is
created from the Employee Center.
Otherwise, they do not apply.
In the Applies to related list, you can select a
table and specify the conditions that must be
met before the task is assigned to the user or
group. The rule is applied only if the task is not
already assigned to another user or group. In
the Script related list, you can use a script to
further customize the assignment rule.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Jurisdiction | Jurisdictions for the impacted regions. Note: Jurisdictions are not currently supported in Operational vulnerability. |

Create New Operational vulnerability form (continued)
Field Description
Jurisdiction Jurisdictions for the impacted regions.
Note: Jurisdictions are not currently
supported in Operational vulnerability.
Set up the State model and Action task model
Set up the Vulnerability state model and Action task model to manage the workflow of the
Operational vulnerability record. These models define the workflow states and transition
conditions for a record type and an action task, respectively. Both the Operational vulnerability
record type and the action task adhere to the workflow states configured in their corresponding
models.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
About this task
An operational vulnerability typically goes through the following workflow states:
•New: The vulnerability has been opened and it is in the initial stage of review.
•Assessment: The vulnerability is being evaluated to determine the appropriate course of
action.
•Treatment: The vulnerability is being actively investigated to gather information and evidence.
The course of action and treatment is being decided.
•Pending approval: The vulnerability is being worked on to find a resolution.
•Approved: A review of the vulnerability is being done after it is resolved.
•Closed: The vulnerability is closed and is no longer active.
•Canceled: The vulnerability is canceled and it is no longer being pursued.
When the state transition conditions are satisfied, each vulnerability state gets updated to the
next state. For example, the New state can be transitioned to the following states as shown in the
example:
•Assessment
•Treatment
•Pending approval
•Approved
•Closed
•Canceled

•New to Approved: Users can select New to Approved to view the state transition condition.
Once this condition is met, the vulnerability status updates from New to Approved as shown in
the example.
When all action tasks are closed, the users with write access can update the state as shown in
the example.
•New to Assessment: Once the state transition condition is met, the vulnerability status
updates from New to Assessment.
•New to Canceled: Once the state transition condition is met, the vulnerability status updates
from New to Canceled. The vulnerability is canceled and it is no longer being pursued.
•New to Pending approval: Once the state transition condition is met, the vulnerability
status updates from New to Pending approval. The vulnerability is being worked on to find a
resolution.
•New to Treatment: Once the state transition condition is met, the vulnerability status updates
from New to Treatment. The vulnerability is being actively investigated to gather information
and evidence. The course of action and treatment is being decided.
The following model state transitions are displayed in the Model State Transitions related list:
These states can vary depending on the organization's vulnerability management process.

Workflow states for an action task are defined as follows:
•Draft: The action task is in the draft stage.
•Assigned: The action task has been assigned to an appropriate user.
•Work in progress: Work on the action task is in progress.
•Review: The action task is in the review stage.
•Closed complete: The action task is in the Closed complete stage.
•Closed incomplete: The action task is in the Closed incomplete stage.
•Canceled: The action task has been canceled.
When the action task transition conditions are satisfied, each action task state gets updated to
the next state. For example, the Draft state can be transitioned to the Assigned and Canceled
states as shown in the example.
Once the condition is met, the action task is updated from Draft to Assigned as shown in the
example.
When the state transition condition is fulfilled, the state gets updated or else an error message is
displayed as shown in the example.

| Step | Description |
| --- | --- |

Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Vulnerability > State Models.
2. Update the table name.
Step Description
Select New and select Operational vulnera­
Configure Vulnerability state model bility [sn_oper_res_vulnerability] as the table
name.
Select New and select Action task [sn_grc_­
Configure Action task model
case_mgmt_case_task] as the table name.
The Action task model is shown in the following example.
3. On the State model form, fill in the other fields.
For more information on the fields, see GRC state model form.
4.Select Submit.
5. To copy an existing State model, select it from the state models list and select Copy Model.
You can copy an existing Vulnerability state model as shown in the following example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the state model. For example, IT vulnerability. |
| Table name | Table that the state model applies to. Available options are: •To configure Vulnerability state model, select New and select Operational vulnerability [sn_oper_res_vulnerability] as the table name. •To configure Action task model, select New and select Action task [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_task] as the table name. |
| State model | Fields that contain the state model value in the table that this state model applies to. |
| Active | Option to indicate that the state model is active or inactive. |
| State field | Fields that contain the state value in the table that this state model applies to. This field is automatically set to State [state]. |

6.To update an existing State model, select it from the list and select Update.
7.To delete an existing State model, select it from the list and select Delete.
GRC state model form
On the GRC state model form, fill in the fields.
State model form
Field Description
Name Name of the state model. For example, IT
vulnerability.
Table name Table that the state model applies to. Available
options are:
•To configure Vulnerability state model, select
New and select Operational vulnerability
[sn_oper_res_vulnerability] as the table
name.
•To configure Action task model,
select New and select Action task
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_task] as the table
name.
State model Fields that contain the state model value in the
table that this state model applies to.
Active Option to indicate that the state model is
active or inactive.
State field Fields that contain the state value in the table
that this state model applies to. This field is
automatically set to State [state].
Define the state transitions model
Define the model state transitions and conditions to control how a vulnerability traverses through
the different workflow states.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| State | Name of the workflow state. Choices is: New |
| Model | State model that uses this workflow state. This field is automatically set to the state model name. |
| Display type | Display type of the workflow state. Choices are the following: ◦As node: Display as a parent state. ◦As sub-level: Display as a sub-state of the parent state. |
| Stepper label | Label to be displayed on the stepper component for the state. This field is automatically set to the state. |
| Is optional | Option to select the state as optional. This field appears only when As node is selected from the Display type field. |

About this task
The workflow states set up within the state model are shown on the stepper component overview
page. Refer to the following setup to configure the stepper component:
1.Display type: Specify whether the state should appear as As Node or As sub-level.
2. Stepper label: This label is displayed on the stepper component for each state.
3. Parent node: If the display type for the state is set to As sub-level, then define the state that
will act as the parent node for this sub-level.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Vulnerability > State Models.
2. To add a new workflow state, select New in the State label column.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
Workflow state form
Field Description
State Name of the workflow state. Choices is: New
Model State model that uses this workflow state.
This field is automatically set to the state
model name.
Display type Display type of the workflow state. Choices
are the following:
◦As node: Display as a parent state.
◦As sub-level: Display as a sub-state of the
parent state.
Stepper label Label to be displayed on the stepper
component for the state. This field is
automatically set to the state.
Is optional Option to select the state as optional. This
field appears only when As node is selected
from the Display type field.
4.Select Update.
The example shows the Assessment state. The Model State Transitions and State Model
Attributes related lists are displayed.
5. To update the model state transition from the Model State Transitions related list, select it from
the display name column in the GRC workflow states list.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| From | Name of the state. This field is automatically set to State [state]. |
| To | State that you want to move to from the selected state |
| Automatic transition | Option to enable the automatic transition of the workflow state. |

6.To add the model state transition, select New on the Model State Transitions context menu.
The Model State Transitions context menu is shown in the example.
The Model State Transition New record is displayed.
7.On the Model State Transition record form, fill in the fields.
Model State Transition record form
Field Description
From Name of the state. This field is automatically
set to State [state].
To State that you want to move to from the
selected state
Automatic transition Option to enable the automatic transition of
the workflow state.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the assessment template. |
| Assessment duration | Length of time allowed for completing the assessment from the time the assessment is generated. |
| Table | Table this assessment template applies to. |
| State | Status of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft. After creating the assessment template, ensure that you publish it and the state is set to Published. Or else, you cannot generate the instance. |
| Enforce condition | Option to indicate that the Enforce condition is active or inactive. |
| Roles | Roles that have read access to the template. |
| Scale factor | Scale value for all assessment results. |

8.Select Submit.
The newly added Model State Transition is displayed in Model State Transitions related list.
Set up the Vulnerability Assessment Template
Create the Vulnerability Assessment Template by defining the assessment parameters for
Operational vulnerability. The assessment template is based on the Metric type assessment. It
helps you to define important assessment details such as the assessment duration, associated
tables, filter conditions, and so on.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Vulnerability > Vulnerability Assessment Template.
2. To create the Vulnerability Assessment (Assessment Metric Type) template, select New.
3. On the Assessment Metric Type record form, fill in the fields.
For more information on the fields, see Assessment metric type form.
4.Use the Smart Assessment template that has been added to the vulnerability type.
5. Select Submit.
6.To copy an existing assessment template, select it from the list and select Copy.
7.To update an existing assessment template, select it from the list and select Update.
8.To delete an existing assessment template, select it from the list and select Delete.
Assessment metric type form
Use the Assessment Metric Type form to create an assessment questionnaire template instead
of using the default template for Operational vulnerability.
Assessment metric type form
For a description of the fields, see the following table:
Assessment metric type form
Field Description
Name Name of the assessment template.
Assessment Length of time allowed for completing the assessment from the time the
duration assessment is generated.
Table Table this assessment template applies to.
State Status of the assessment. This field is automatically set to Draft. After creating
the assessment template, ensure that you publish it and the state is set to
Published. Or else, you cannot generate the instance.
Enforce Option to indicate that the Enforce condition is active or inactive.
condition
Roles Roles that have read access to the template.
Scale factor Scale value for all assessment results.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Condition | Filter conditions for the assessment template. |
| Description | Purpose of the assessment template and the reason for its creation. |
| Related lists |  |
| Metric categories | All metric categories for this assessment. For more information on the Metric category form, see Metric Category form . |
| Assessable records | All assessable records associated to the metric category. For more information on the Assessable records, see Assessable records . |

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |

Assessment metric type form (continued)
Field Description
Condition Filter conditions for the assessment template.
Description Purpose of the assessment template and the reason for its creation.
Related lists
Metric All metric categories for this assessment. For more information on the Metric
categories category form, see Metric Category form .
Assessable All assessable records associated to the metric category. For more information
records on the Assessable records, see Assessable records .
Set up the Document Template
Set up the Document Template (HTML Template) that is used for generating the PDF of the
Operational vulnerability record.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.admin
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Operational Vulnerability > Document Templates.
2. To create the document template, select New.
3. On the HTML Template record form, fill in the fields.
For more information on the fields, see HTML Template form.
4.Select Submit.
5. To insert date variables in the PDF, select Insert Date.
You can use the button multiple times to add different types of dates based on the variables
you choose.
6.To insert the table of contents in the PDF, select Insert Table of Contents.
7.To add blocks for advanced search, select Add Blocks.
Option Description
In Search blocks, type in the name of an ex­
To add an existing document block to the
isting document block, select the document
template
block, and select Insert.
To add a new document block to the tem­
Select Create New Block.
plate
8.To publish the template, select Publish.
Ensure that the template is published so that the PDF is generated with the right attributes.
9.To copy an existing assessment template, select it from the list and select Copy.
10.To update an existing assessment template, select it from the list and select Preview.
11. To update an existing assessment template, select it from the list and select Update.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the document template. |
| Table | Table associated with the type of template. The table determines the available variables that can be used. Note: Tables appear based on the application scope that is selected. |
| Category | Document category in which the template is added. |
| Application | Application that you are working in. This field is automatically set to Global. |
| State | State of the record. This field is automatically set to Draft. |
| Template date format | Format in which you want the date to appear when the user previews the document, generates the attachment, or initiates document tasks for participants. Available options are: •MM-dd-yyyy •MM/dd/yyyy •dd/MM/yyyy •dd-MM-yyyy •dd.MM.yyyy •yyyy-MM-dd |
| User criteria | Audience criteria for this document. For example, you can create a letter intended for only US employees. |
| Acknowledgement text | Acknowledgement text to be used in the document. |
| Table of contents | Table of contents in the template. |
| Page number | Page number in the template. |

HTML Template form
On the HTML Template form, fill in the fields.
HTML Template form
Field Description
Name Name of the document template.
Table Table associated with the type of template. The table
determines the available variables that can be used.
Note: Tables appear based on the application scope
that is selected.
Category Document category in which the template is added.
Application Application that you are working in. This field is automatically
set to Global.
State State of the record. This field is automatically set to Draft.
Template date format Format in which you want the date to appear when the user
previews the document, generates the attachment, or initiates
document tasks for participants. Available options are:
•MM-dd-yyyy
•MM/dd/yyyy
•dd/MM/yyyy
•dd-MM-yyyy
•dd.MM.yyyy
•yyyy-MM-dd
User criteria Audience criteria for this document. For example, you can
create a letter intended for only US employees.
Acknowledgement text Acknowledgement text to be used in the document.
Table of contents Table of contents in the template.
Page number Page number in the template.
Body
Body text in the template.
To insert variables, place your cursor in the desired location
and select the variable. Available variables are listed under
Fields. Use the formatting tools in the Body to apply formatting
options, such as bold, italic, underline, font styling. The body is
a place holder for HTML text and tokenized variables.
For example, you can select Fullscreen to view how the PDF
layout is formatted.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | In the Root cause analysis (Overall observations) section of the PDF, you can include the following related lists information: •Action tasks •Impacted areas •Related areas •Issues |
| Select variables | List of variables that can be used in the body of the template. Variables pull information from the selected table to customize the template. |
| Template language | Language used for both full template translation and translation of fillable fields during attachment preview and generation. |
| Signing type | Option to specify the application that is used for signing the document. This field is automatically set to ServiceNow Sign. |
| Header |  |
| Header image | Image to be displayed in the header. You can add your company logo using this feature. |
| Header image height | Height of the image in the header. |
| Header image position | Position where you want the header image to appear: left, right, or center. |
| Footer |  |
| Footer image | Image to be displayed in the footer. |
| Footer image height | Height of the image in the footer. |
| Footer image position | Position where you want the footer image to appear: left, right, or center. |
| Footer text | Text to be displayed in the footer. For example, you can add proprietary and confidential statements. |
| Footer text position | Position where you want the footer image to appear: left, right, or center. |
| Vertical alignment | Vertical alignment of the footer text with the footer image. |
| Page |  |

HTML Template form (continued)
Field Description
In the Root cause analysis (Overall observations) section
of the PDF, you can include the following related lists
information:
•Action tasks
•Impacted areas
•Related areas
•Issues
Select variables List of variables that can be used in the body of the template.
Variables pull information from the selected table to customize
the template.
Template language Language used for both full template translation and
translation of fillable fields during attachment preview and
generation.
Signing type Option to specify the application that is used for signing the
document. This field is automatically set to ServiceNow Sign.
Header
Header image Image to be displayed in the header. You can add your
company logo using this feature.
Header image height Height of the image in the header.
Header image position Position where you want the header image to appear: left,
right, or center.
Footer
Footer image Image to be displayed in the footer.
Footer image height Height of the image in the footer.
Footer image position Position where you want the footer image to appear: left, right,
or center.
Footer text Text to be displayed in the footer. For example, you can add
proprietary and confidential statements.
Footer text position Position where you want the footer image to appear: left, right,
or center.
Vertical alignment Vertical alignment of the footer text with the footer image.
Page