### Gathering data aligned with the CSDM setup

•Importance and impact tolerance assessments
•Scenario analyses
•Self-attestations
•Business services
•Operational vulnerability
Gathering data aligned with the CSDM setup
Beginning with Release 20.1.x, the Operational Resilience application supports the latest
Common Service Data Model (CSDM). This section details the steps for setting up services,
business services, service offerings, and business processes in Operational Resilience and
gathering data aligned with the latest CSDM setup.
Using the flexible data model
Starting with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, the flexible data model enhances
operational resilience metrics by improving data visualization and the flow of dependent
services. It also supports multiple dashboards with insights into red flags, business service
importance, and impact tolerance.
Starting with Operational Resilience, Release 20.1.x, the Main node configurations, supported
by the Data Relationships Framework, were introduced with Operational Resilience to define
dependency roll-up chains. The Main node configurations, with the source being the OpRes
CMDB, are shipped with base system. For information on the Main node configurations, creating
a new Main node configuration, or updating an existing Main node configuration, see Main node
configurations: A component of the Data Relationships Framework.
In the previous data model, the CSDM objects [sn_oper_res_profile] table stored the entire
dependency chain, including all possible combinations, making data retrieval cumbersome and
maintenance challenging. This approach has been deprecated in favor of a more efficient model.
Key features of the flexible data model
The flexible data model offers several key features that enhance operational resilience metrics.
•Enhanced data visualization: The Services, Business services, Offerings, Business
processes, and Application services modules now feature a vertical layout, replacing
traditional horizontal tabs and enhancing navigation within the Operational
Resilience Workspace. You can view the entire resilience metrics for an object, such
as a business process or business service, from the Overview tab in the vertical
layout.

You can then view the downstream data and various dashboards based on the selected top
class. The following example shows the top controls to be strengthened for the business
service.
Selecting the graph shows detailed information on the dependency records, related controls,
control objectives.
•Streamlined navigation: You can directly access related lists and metrics for a specific
business service, such as its service offerings, business processes, application services,
dependencies, incidents, and metrics from the vertical layout.
Technical implementation
Starting with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, the data model for operational resilience
configurations has been optimized. Now, each node in a hierarchical chain, such as a business
service to offering to processes, is stored separately in the [sn_oper_res_profile] CSDM objects
table along with its class and parent nodes. This means that only relevant objects (for example,
500 out of 1,000 entities) that are part of main node configurations are stored, improving data
management efficiency.
The flexible data model introduced with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x provides a
foundation for the dashboards and tracks the flow of dependent services. The data, including
red flags by type, such as failed controls, incidents, and outages, and business service metrics

such as number of flags, importance, and impact tolerance, is updated in the dashboard through
changes to the flexible data model.
The data shown in the example is for business services such as business service by number
of red flags, business service by importance, business service by impact tolerance. You can
configure the sn_oper_res.top_class_name property to designate any class as the top
class.
Configuring the sn_oper_res.top_class_name property
You can configure the sn_oper_res.top_class_name property to designate any class
as the top class in the dashboard view so that any node, such as business service, business
process, or application service, can be the top node. You can then view the downstream data
and various dashboards based on the selected top class, such as the number of application
services that are under a business service. It enables you to switch between different views,
such as business services, service offerings, business processes, or applications, on the
dashboard and view relevant data accordingly.
For example, if the data is displayed for a business service, you can change the top
class to service offerings, business processes, or application services by configuring the
sn_oper_res.top_class_name property. You can then change the top class to another
object and the system shows data with respect to that specific top class. This property is
applicable only for the dashboards and not for the Workspace forms. For more information on the
properties, see Configure Operational Resilience properties.
The following example shows that the top class name is set to
cmdb_ci_service_business.
You can modify the property value to represent a service offering or application, and the
dashboard will populate with the corresponding data. The following example demonstrates how
to update the top class name to "service offering."

Based on the updated property name, data for service offering is displayed in the Operational
Resilience dashboard as shown in the example.
Calculation and roll-up of red flags
When the Calculate red flags for CSDM and dependencies scheduled job
is executed, the red flags data is populated in the dashboard. The dashboard in the following
example displays a range of 1-30 red flags in the "Business service by number of red flags"
section.
Selecting the card shows a detailed breakdown for the business service. It shows a total of
24 red flags, with 3 specifically attributed to the "Cards and payments" service. The following
illustration shows the roll-up functionality, which aggregates the red flags for the entities
associated with the selected "Cards and Payments" business service, providing a hierarchical
view of the data.

The value "24" shown in the Total red flags count column is the roll-up value of the red flags for all
entities under the "Cards and Payments" business service.
CSDM objects table
In the CSDM objects [sn_oper_res_profile.list] table, the following columns are displayed:
•The Impacted objects column displays the parent objects.
•The Impacted objects classes column shows the classes.
•The Red flags count column indicates the number of the red flags that are directly assigned to
a node.
•The Total red flags count column displays the total count of the red flags directly assigned to a
node and its children as shown in the table.
The object classes displayed in the Object class column in the example provide a clear
representation of various entities, including business applications and processes. This data is
then fed into the system using fix scripts, ensuring that the information is accurately populated
and up-to-date. By using these scripts, the system can effectively display and manage the
complex relationships between different object classes.
You can group the objects with respect to their object classes. Then you can the object classes
for service offerings, core company, business processes, and so on.

The upstream impacted objects for a specific object class are added to the Impacted objects
column. For example, the Java Application Server FLX has upstream impacted objects such as
digital banking process and inbound payment, which get added and are shown in the Impacted
objects column.
This process starts with the lowest level object and includes the level above it, populating the
impacted objects. The data is then directly integrated into the main node configurations.
Main node configurations
The Main node configurations provide the data flow of what you want to see. The following Main
node configurations, with the source being the OpRes CMDB, are shipped out-of-the-box:
•Business process to dependencies
•Business service to dependencies
•Opres with CSDM header
•Service (CMDB)
•Service offering to dependencies

The entire flow that goes from a business service to business process to service offering and
then to an application is created in the Main node configurations and then the configurations are
mapped to the impacted objects.
For information on setting up the Main node configurations, see Configure the Main node
configurations.
Running the scheduled jobs
Two scheduled jobs, Update CSDM and other dependencies and Calculate red
flags for CSDM and dependencies run at regular intervals populate data in the CSDM
objects [sn_oper_res_profile.list] table and the red flags. For more information, see Execute the
scheduled jobs.
All the Main node configurations are handled in parallel. A separate event is triggered for each
Main node configuration, enabling parallel processing. The enhanced configuration eliminates
the need for sequential processing, significantly improving efficiency.
After running the Update CSDM and other dependencies scheduled job, the data is
fetched into the CSDM Objects table. Dependencies are updated for the objects and are shown
in the modules.

Service form
Previously, traversing many-to-many tables to find related records was time-consuming. Now, by
storing impacted objects in the table itself, you can directly retrieve related records from a single
column, eliminating the need for recursive hierarchy creation, improving efficiency significantly.
Dependencies are fetched from the Entity [sn_grc_profile] (many-to-many) table first. When you
run the Calculate red flags for CSDM and other dependencies scheduled
job, the red flags data is fetched and rolled up according to the configured settings.
After the scheduled job is completed, the Main node configurations are no longer required.
The dashboard uses the top class property to traverse the red flags staging table and retrieve
downstream red flags that match the specified record type, such as business service or service
offering, and so on.

The following example shows that Incident SO1 - VM is rolled up from SO1.
Failed controls from business processes and service offerings are rolled up and shown in the
modules.
Data setup for business services
Operational Resilience managers typically verify that data is set up for services or business
services and monitor their resilience metrics on the dashboard. The Service (CMDB) Main
node configuration fetches service-related data, while the Opres with CSDM header Main node
configuration sets up the business services-related data.

Business services overview on the dashboard
A service performs a business-level function, such as email, IT services, e-commerce, or
telephone banking. Existing customers use the Service (CMDB) Main node configuration, while
new customers use the OpRes with CSDM header Main node configuration. The Service form
or the business services form list risks, issues, control failures, and other areas that require
attention.
Note: Administrators can show or hide the Services overview or Business services
overview tabs based on their organizational needs. For more information, see Show
Business services overview tab in Workspace view.
Setup of entity types and pillars
Before proceeding, ensure that entity types and pillars are properly configured; refer to the
Setting up pillars, entity types, entity filters, and entities for setup instructions.
Vertical layout for Service records
Beginning with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, records in the Services, Business
services, Offerings, Business processes, and Application services modules feature a vertical
layout.
The vertical layout within the Operational Resilience Workspace eliminates the need for
horizontal tabs. Instead, it maps the business services, offerings, business processes, and
application services to organize related information in a more streamlined manner.
When viewing a specific business service, such as "Cards and Payments," all dependent lists
are accessible through this vertical menu. This includes service offerings, business processes,
application services, dependencies, incidents, and relevant metrics. The new layout allows users
to directly access related information, streamlining navigation and improving the overall user
experience.
This layout displays detailed information, including service dependencies, events, red flags data,
and related issues, making it easier to read and understand.
Assigning the itil user role to the Operational Resilience administrators or
managers
To configure child services or processes for a service, assign the itil user role to Operational
Resilience administrators or managers in the following steps.

Assign the itil user role
Assign the itil user role-step-2
Note:
To add or remove services and processes in the Operational Resilience Workspace, you
must have the sn_oper_res.manager and itil role or the sn_oper_res.admin and itil roles. In
the CMDB, granting the itil role allows users to add or remove services and processes from
the backend. However, the Operational Resilience Workspace application prevents users
with the sn_oper_res.user role from making these changes in the Operational Resilience
Workspace.
Adding a service to reporting
You can add a service to Operational Resilience reporting by selecting the Add to OpRes
reporting UI action as shown in the following example.
Note: Instead of adding services directly to Operational Resilience reporting, set up the
entity filters for the desired services. For instructions on setting up the entity filters, see
Setting up pillars, entity types, entity filters, and entities.

Add a service to OpRes reporting
Note: After adding a service to Operational Resilience reporting in the
Operational Resilience Workspace, the Add to OpRes reporting option is no
longer displayed in the UI for that service.
After adding a service to Operational Resilience reporting, you can view the Add or New options
in the Service form. Use these options to configure the relationship between the service and
its entities. To remove an associated service or process, select the service or process and then
choose Remove.
Overview and Details tabs in the Service form
On the Overview tab in the Service form, you can view the resilience metrics for a service as
shown in the following example.
Resilience metrics on the Overview tab
The Red flags section displays the total number of red flags, red flags by type, and details of the
assets that are impacted by the red flags.
On the Details tab in the Service form, you can view the key attributes of a service as shown in
the following example:

Details tab
Child services, processes, and dependencies of a service
When you add a service to Operational Resilience reporting, you can view and configure its child
services, processes, and dependencies, as shown in the following examples.
Service form

| Tab | Description | New action | Add action | Remove action |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Child services​ | List of the child services for a service. To associate an existing child service with a service, select Add. To create a child service for the current service, select New. | Form where you can add a child service. On this form, you can create a relationship between the child service and the current service. | Table view where you can select multiple services that you can add as the child services of the current service. | Form where you can remove a child service from the service. |
| Business processes​ | List of business processes that are associated with a service. | Not applicable | Table view where you can select multiple processes that you can add as the child services of the current service. | Form where you can remove a process from the service. |

Reporting data for an object without a business service as the parent entity
When you have a business service or service as the parent entity, any red flags or dependencies
roll up to that business service or service. Even if an object like a service offering (SO) or
business process (BP) does not have a business service or service as the parent entity, running
the scheduled job still fetches its dependencies and integrates them with the red flags.
Other related lists in the Service form
Depending on the integrations and installed applications, the following related lists are displayed
in the Service form.
Other related tabs that are displayed in the Service form
Tab Description New action Add action Remove action
Child services​ List of the child Form where you
services for Form where Table view where can remove a
a service. To you can add a you can select child service from
associate an child service. multiple services the service.
existing child On this form, that you can
service with a you can create add as the child
service, select a relationship services of the
Add. To create between the current service.
a child service child service
for the current and the current
service, select service.
New.
Business List of business Not applicable Table view Form where you
processes​ processes that where you can can remove a
are associated select multiple process from the
with a service. processes that service.
you can add as
the child services
of the current
service.
Dependencies​ List of the Not applicable Table view where Form where you
dependencies you can select can remove an
that are multiple assets asset from the
(entities) that service.

| Tab | Description | New action | Add action | Remove action |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | associated with a service. |  | you can add as the downstream entities of the current service. |  |
| Issues​ | List of the issues that are associated with a service. You can select Add to associate an existing issue with a service as shown in the following example. To create an issue for a service, you can also select New. | Form where you can create an issue for a service.​ | Form where you can add an existing issue to a service.​ | Not applicable |
| High risks​ | List of the high- risk items or the risk assessments in the monitor state that are associated with the service. Risks are rolled up from dependencies. | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Failed controls | List of the failed or common controls where the status of the control is non- compliant and the reliant entity is the service. Controls are rolled up from dependencies. | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Change requests​ | List of the change requests that are associated with a service. | Change Request form. When you submit the Change Request form, the application creates a record in the Services table.​ | Not applicable | Not applicable |

Other related tabs that are displayed in the Service form (continued)
Tab Description New action Add action Remove action
associated with a you can add as
service. the downstream
entities of the
current service.
Issues​ List of the Form where Form where Not applicable
issues that are you can create you can add an
associated with an issue for a existing issue to
a service. You service.​ a service.​
can select Add
to associate an
existing issue
with a service
as shown in
the following
example. To
create an issue
for a service, you
can also select
New.
High risks​ List of the high- Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
risk items or the
risk assessments
in the monitor
state that are
associated with
the service. Risks
are rolled up from
dependencies.
Failed controls List of the failed Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
or common
controls where
the status of the
control is non-
compliant and
the reliant entity
is the service.
Controls are
rolled up from
dependencies.
Change requests​ List of the Change Request Not applicable Not applicable
change requests form. When
that are you submit
associated with a the Change
service. Request form,
the application
creates a record
in the Services
table.​
Tasks​ List of the List of the task Not applicable Not applicable
tasks that are tables, from

| Tab | Description | New action | Add action | Remove action |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | associated with a service. | where you can select the type of the task that you want to create. When you submit the form, the application creates a record in the Services with the Tasks table. |  |  |
| Incidents​ | List of the incidents that are associated with all the dependencies and services. | Incident form. When you submit the Incident form, it creates a record in the Services table. | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Outages​ | List of the open outages that are associated with all the dependencies and services. | Outage form. When you submit the form, the application creates a record in the Services table. | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Business continuity plans | List of the Business continuity plans that are associated with a service. | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Vulnerabilities | List of vulnerabilities that are associated with a service. | Vulnerabilities for a service. | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Importance and impact assessment​ | List of the approved Importance and impact assessments. | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Scenario analysis​ | List of the approved Scenario analyses. | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |
| Operational vulnerabilities | Operational vulnerabilities associated with a service. | Not applicable | Not applicable | Not applicable |

Other related tabs that are displayed in the Service form (continued)
Tab Description New action Add action Remove action
associated with a where you can
service. select the type
of the task that
you want to
create. When you
submit the form,
the application
creates a record
in the Services
with the Tasks
table.
Incidents​ List of the Incident form. Not applicable Not applicable
incidents that When you submit
are associated the Incident
with all the form, it creates
dependencies a record in the
and services. Services table.
Outages​ List of the open Outage form. Not applicable Not applicable
outages that When you submit
are associated the form, the
with all the application
dependencies creates a record
and services. in the Services
table.
Business List of the Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
continuity plans Business
continuity
plans that are
associated with a
service.
Vulnerabilities List of Vulnerabilities for Not applicable Not applicable
vulnerabilities a service.
that are
associated with a
service.
Importance List of the Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
and impact approved
assessment​ Importance
and impact
assessments.
Scenario analysis​ List of the Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
approved
Scenario
analyses.
Operational Operational Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
vulnerabilities vulnerabilities
associated with a
service.

Service added as an entity of Services (OR) type
When you add a service to the Operational Resilience reporting, the service is added as an entity
of the Services (OR) type, as shown in the following example.
Service added as an entity of Services (OR) type
All services in Operational Resilience belong to the Services pillar. As shown in the example, the
Pillar column for the entities displays the Services pillar.
Note: You can only add the entities that are part of the [cmdb_ci_service] table to the
Services (OR) entity type.
Similarly, a service (as an entity) can belong to multiple pillars. The following example shows a
service that belongs to two pillars, such as the Services and Suppliers pillars.
Multiple pillars for one service
Open dependency view and 360-degree view for a service
In the Service form, you can select the Open dependency view option to display the
infrastructure relationship for a service. The dependency view of a service displays its
relationship with the parent services, child services, and processes as shown in the following
example.

Dependency view of a service
On the 360° view tab, the Operational Resilience managers can monitor the 360-degree view of
a service and measure its performance.
If you have the Operational Resilience manager role, in the 360-degree view for a service, you
can visualize the following entities:
•Parent and child services
•Dependencies that are related to a pillar, such as the Process, Technology, People, Supplier,
and Facility pillars in your organization
•Operational Resilience metrics
Add a service to Operational Resilience reporting
Manage services, business services, service offerings, business processes, and application
services from the CSDM modules in the Operational Resilience Workspace.

Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager with the itil user role, sn_oper_res.admin with the itil user
role
About this task
Beginning with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, records in the Services, Business
services, Offerings, Business processes, and Application services modules feature a vertical
layout.
The following modules are displayed in the Operational Resilience Workspace.
•Services
•Business services
•Offerings
•Business processes
•Application services
Note: The Services module is typically used by existing customers whereas the Business
services module is used by new customers.
When the Compute Operational Resilience Compliance scheduled job runs in
the background daily, you can view the status reports of the services in Operational Resilience.
The Services module in the Operational Resilience Workspace is mostly used by the existing
customers.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Services.
A list of the available services is displayed in the form.
2. To add a service to Operational Resilience, select New in the Services list view and fill in the
details regarding the service on the Create New service form.
Note: You must have the itil user role to create a service. If you do not have the itil user
role, the New button for creating a service is not displayed.
For a description of the field values on the Service form, see Create Service form.
The Create New Service form is displayed.
3. In the Details tab, fill in the fields.
A sample Details tab is shown in the following example.
Details tab in the Create New Service form

4.To save details of the service, select Save.
Details of a service
In releases prior to 20.x.x, a single level of hierarchy was supported, such as from a parent
service to the child service, from the child service to the process, and from the process to a
dependency. This hierarchy is supported for services for existing customers and it is displayed
in the Services form, as shown in the example.
5. To add the selected service to Operational Resilience reporting, select Add to OpRes
reporting.
A message is displayed that the selected service is synchronized with Operational Resilience
reporting and dashboards.
a.To navigate to the entity record and maintain the upstream and downstream entities, select
Go to entity.
Once you add the service to Operational Resilience reporting, its entity record is created
and the Go to entity UI action is displayed on the form.
The service is added to Operational Resilience reporting as shown in the following example.
Service added to Operational Resilience reporting
Note: After you’ve added the service to Operational Resilience reporting, the Add to
OpRes reporting option isn’t displayed for the service anymore on the Service form.
6.To maintain the upstream and downstream relationships for the selected record, select Go to
entity.
The Go to entity button is visible only if the entity for the record has already been created. It
is provided to maintain the upstream and downstream relationships for the selected record.
Operational Resilience managers can add the upstream and downstream dependencies.
Selecting Go to entity displays the entity record for the select object.
a.Navigate to the Hierarchy tab in the entity record.
b.Add upstream or downstream entities for the selected record.
You can add upstream or downstream entities to the entity record as shown in the example.

c.To save the upstream or downstream relationships, select Save.
7.To view the infrastructure relationship of the service, select Open dependency view.
The infrastructure relationship of a service with its parent services and child services is
displayed as shown in the following example.
Sample dependency view
You can view the dependencies in the desired map view such as the vertical, horizontal, radial,
force, group, or details view.
8.To view the relationship of the service with its related entities, select 360° view.
The relationship of a service with its related entities, such as the dependencies and red flags
in a 360-degree view, is displayed as shown in the following example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Details tab |  |

Relationship of a service with its related entities in a 360-degree view
9.To save the details on the form, select Save.
The Service form is displayed as shown in the following example.
Service form with the related tabs
Create Service form
Use the Create New Service form in Operational Resilience Workspace to set up a business
service and configure its related lists.
Create Service form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create Service form
Field Description
Details tab

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the service. |
| Approval group | Approval group that is responsible for the approval of the service. For example, Application Development or Application Security group. |
| Model ID | Model ID for the service. |
| Support group | Support group for the service. |
| Owned by | Owner of the service. This field is auto-filled. |
| Change group | Change group that is responsible for updating the service. |
| Business criticality | Criticality of the service. The available options are as follows: •1—most critical •2—somewhat critical •3—less critical •4—not critical |
| Managed by | User that manages the service. |
| Version | Version of the service. |
| SLA | Service level agreements (SLAs) for the service. |
| Used for | Usage category that the service is used for. For example, Staging. The available options are as follows: •Production •Staging •QA •Test •Development •Demonstration •Training •Disaster recovery |
| Location | Physical location of the service. |

Create Service form (continued)
Field Description
Name Name of the service.
Approval group Approval group that is responsible for
the approval of the service. For example,
Application Development or Application
Security group.
Model ID Model ID for the service.
Support group Support group for the service.
Owned by Owner of the service. This field is auto-filled.
Change group Change group that is responsible for updating
the service.
Business criticality Criticality of the service. The available options
are as follows:
•1—most critical
•2—somewhat critical
•3—less critical
•4—not critical
Managed by User that manages the service.
Version Version of the service.
SLA Service level agreements (SLAs) for the
service.
Used for Usage category that the service is used for. For
example, Staging. The available options are as
follows:
•Production
•Staging
•QA
•Test
•Development
•Demonstration
•Training
•Disaster recovery
Location Physical location of the service.
Operational status Operational status of the service. The
available options are as follows:
•Operational
•Non-Operational
•Repair in Progress

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •DR Standby •Ready •Retired •Pipeline •Catalog |
| Vendor | Vendor that is responsible for operating the service. |
| Service classification | Classification of the service. The available options are as follows: •Business Service •Technical Service •Application Service |
| Comments | Comments section for the service. Typically, the Operational Resilience administrators add the comments about the service. |

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |

Create Service form (continued)
Field Description
•DR Standby
•Ready
•Retired
•Pipeline
•Catalog
Vendor Vendor that is responsible for operating the
service.
Service classification Classification of the service. The available
options are as follows:
•Business Service
•Technical Service
•Application Service
Comments Comments section for the service. Typically,
the Operational Resilience administrators add
the comments about the service.
Related tabs
In the Create New Service form, you can add a parent service, child service, and process for the
business service. You can also configure the related tabs, such as the tabs for change requests,
incidents, and tasks for the service. You can then view the service attributes and resilience
metrics on the dashboard. The following table describes the related tabs that are associated with
a service.
Related tabs that are associated with the service
Related tab Description
General
Overview tab Displays the following red flags data:
1.Total red flags
2. Red flags by type
◦Issues
◦Failed controls
◦Risks
◦Outages
◦Incidents
◦Change requests
◦Operational vulnerabilities

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Vulnerabilities ◦Third party risk assessments 3. Assets impacted by red flags |
| Details tab | Details of the selected service record. For more information on the fields and their description, see the "Create New Service form" table on this page. |
| Services and dependencies |  |
| Child services | Child services that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the child services: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Business processes | Processes that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the business processes: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Dependencies | Dependencies that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the dependencies: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Ongoing events |  |

Related tabs that are associated with the service (continued)
Related tab Description
◦Vulnerabilities
◦Third party risk assessments
3. Assets impacted by red flags
Details tab Details of the selected service record. For
more information on the fields and their
description, see the "Create New Service form"
table on this page.
Services and dependencies
Child services
Child services that are associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the child services:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Business processes
Processes that are associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the business processes:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Dependencies Dependencies that are associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the dependencies:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Ongoing events
Incidents
Incidents that are associated with the service.

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The tab displays the following sample information about the incidents: •Incident •Short description •Owner •Opened •Caller •Priority •State •Category •Assignment group •Assigned to •Updated •Updated by •Dependency •Pillar |
| Outages | Outages that are associated with the current service. You can create an outage for the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the outages: •Number •Outage •Type •Begin •End •Dependency •Pillar |
| Red flags |  |

Related tabs that are associated with the service (continued)
Related tab Description
The tab displays the following sample
information about the incidents:
•Incident
•Short description
•Owner
•Opened
•Caller
•Priority
•State
•Category
•Assignment group
•Assigned to
•Updated
•Updated by
•Dependency
•Pillar
Outages
Outages that are associated with the current
service. You can create an outage for the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the outages:
•Number
•Outage
•Type
•Begin
•End
•Dependency
•Pillar
Red flags
Issues
Issues that are associated with the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the issues:
•Issue
•Priority
•Status
•Planned end date

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| High risks | High risks that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the high risks: •Risk •Risk assessment •Risk statement •Risk response •Inherent rating •Computed inherent rating •Residual rating •Computed residual rating •Dependency •Pillar |
| Failed controls | Failed controls that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the failed controls: •Control •Control objective •Status •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
High risks
High risks that are associated with the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the high risks:
•Risk
•Risk assessment
•Risk statement
•Risk response
•Inherent rating
•Computed inherent rating
•Residual rating
•Computed residual rating
•Dependency
•Pillar
Failed controls
Failed controls that are associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the failed controls:
•Control
•Control objective
•Status
•Dependency
•Pillar
Change requests
Change requests that are associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the change requests:
•Change request
•Short description
•Type
•State
•Planned start date
•Planned end date
•Assigned to

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| Tasks | Tasks that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the tasks: •Task •Short description •State •Task type •Priority •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Vulnerabilities | Vulnerabilities associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the vulnerabilities: •Vulnerability •Dependency •Pillar |
| Operational vulnerabilities | Operational vulnerabilities associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the operational vulnerabilities: •Number •Case •Related area •Related area table •Title •Related area type •Domain |

Related tabs that are associated with the service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
Tasks
Tasks that are associated with the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the tasks:
•Task
•Short description
•State
•Task type
•Priority
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Vulnerabilities Vulnerabilities associated with the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the vulnerabilities:
•Vulnerability
•Dependency
•Pillar
Operational vulnerabilities Operational vulnerabilities associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the operational
vulnerabilities:
•Number
•Case
•Related area
•Related area table
•Title
•Related area type
•Domain
Third party risk assessments Third party risk assessments associated with
the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the Third party risk
assessments:

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Third party risk assessment •Dependency •Pillar |
| Program activities |  |
| Business continuity plans | List of the Business continuity plans that are associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the plans: •Plan •Plan asset •Activated plan •Event •Event asset •Dependency •Pillar •Status •RTO •RPO •BIA date •RTO gap |

Related tabs that are associated with the service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Third party risk assessment
•Dependency
•Pillar
Program activities
Business continuity plans List of the Business continuity plans that are
associated with the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the plans:
•Plan
•Plan asset
•Activated plan
•Event
•Event asset
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Status
•RTO
•RPO
•BIA date
•RTO gap
Importance and impact assessment
Importance and impact assessment that is
done for the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the assessment:
•Impact tolerance (Duration)
•Impact tolerance assessment
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Duration)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Customer impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Financial impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Transaction Volume)
•Overridden importance
•Impact tolerance (Customer impact)
•Impact tolerance (Financial impact)

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Importance |
| Scenario analysis | Scenario analysis that is associated with the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the scenario analysis: •Breach status •Disruption duration •Impact tolerance •Deviation (%) •Importance •Scenario analysis •Service •Created by •Created •Domain |

| Related lists and Red flags data | Roles required | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Business continuity information related list | BCM manager role |  |
| Failed controls red flags | BCM manager role |  |

Related tabs that are associated with the service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume)
•Importance
Scenario analysis
Scenario analysis that is associated with the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the scenario analysis:
•Breach status
•Disruption duration
•Impact tolerance
•Deviation (%)
•Importance
•Scenario analysis
•Service
•Created by
•Created
•Domain
To view Related lists and Red flags data in the Operational Resilience Workspace, you must have
appropriate user roles. See the "Roles to view related lists and red flags data" table for more
information.
Roles to view related lists and red flags data
Related lists and Red flags data Roles required Notes
Business continuity BCM manager role
information related list
Failed controls red flags BCM manager role
Risks and Third party risk IRM manager role TPRM is not installed
assessments red flags
If TPRM is
not installed,
Operational
Resilience users
cannot access
risk red flags
without the IRM
roles.
TPRM is installed
However, if TPRM
is installed,
Operational
Resilience users
can access both

| Related lists and Red flags data | Roles required | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | risk red flags and Third-party Risk Management red flags because they are assigned the TPRM viewer role. The TPRM viewer role includes risk viewer capabilities, thus eliminating the need for IRM roles. |
| Rest of the related lists and red flags in the dashboard | Accessible with Operational Resilience roles |  |

Roles to view related lists and red flags data (continued)
Related lists and Red flags data Roles required Notes
risk red flags and
Third-party Risk
Management red
flags because
they are assigned
the TPRM
viewer role. The
TPRM viewer
role includes
risk viewer
capabilities, thus
eliminating the
need for IRM
roles.
Rest of the related lists and Accessible with Operational
red flags in the dashboard Resilience roles
Add a business service to Operational Resilience reporting
Add a business service to Operational Resilience reporting in the Operational Resilience
Workspace. The Operational Resilience managers with [sn_oper_res.manager] roles can add
business services, service offerings, business processes, and application services to their entity
types from the business service form or the list actions.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager with the itil user role, sn_oper_res.admin with the itil user
role
About this task
Beginning with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, records in the Services, Business
services, Offerings, Business processes, and Application services modules feature a vertical
layout.
Note: The Services module is typically used by existing customers whereas the Business
Services module is used by new customers.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Business service.
2. Open any one record of a business Service.
The form view of the Business Service form is visible.

As shown in the example, a business service could have a service offering. A service offering
such as SO1 could have an embedded child service offering SO2. Similarly, associated
business processes, application services, dependencies are shown in the form.
The Operational Resilience managers can perform UI actions such as Open dependency view,
360 view. In the record header, the Operational Resilience managers can view the Record
Type, Owned by, Business criticality, and Operational status.
The following related lists are displayed:
◦Overview
◦Details
◦Service offering
◦Business Process
◦Application Service
◦Dependencies
All the UI actions such as viewing the records, removing the records can be performed by the
Operational Resilience managers in the related list.
The Add and Remove buttons are visible on the related list through which the managers
can add or remove the records in the related list. The related list records are the entity of the
displayed record.
3. Select Open dependency view to display the hierarchy relationship for the record.
Note: The hierarchy relationship for the record is displayed only when the relationship
is added in the records.
4.Select 360 view to display all the related records.
5. To add a business service to the Operational Resilience application, select New in the
Business services list view and fill in the details regarding the service on the Create New
service form.
For a description of the field values on the Business service form, see Create New Business
Service form.
6.To save updates to the existing record, select Save.
7.To add the selected business service to Operational Resilience reporting, select the Add to
OpRes reporting UI action.
A message is displayed that the selected business service is synchronized with Operational
Resilience reporting and dashboards.
a.To navigate to the entity record and maintain the upstream and downstream entities, select
Go to entity.
Once you add the service to Operational Resilience reporting, its entity record is created
and the Go to entity UI action is displayed on the form.
The service is added to Operational Resilience reporting as shown in the following example.

Service added to Operational Resilience reporting
Note: After you’ve added the service to Operational Resilience reporting, the Add to
OpRes reporting option isn’t displayed for the service anymore on the Service form.
8.To maintain the upstream and downstream relationships for the selected record, select Go to
entity.
The Go to entity button is visible only if the entity for the record has already been created. It
is provided to maintain the upstream and downstream relationships for the selected record.
Operational Resilience managers can add the upstream and downstream dependencies.
Selecting Go to entity displays the entity record for the select object.
a.Navigate to the Hierarchy tab in the entity record.
b.Add upstream or downstream entities for the selected record.
You can add upstream or downstream entities to the entity record as shown in the example.
c.To save the upstream or downstream relationships, select Save.
9.To view dependencies of the selected business service, select the Open dependency view.
You can view the dependencies in the desired map view such as the vertical, horizontal, radial,
force, group, or details view.
10.To navigate to the 360º view and monitor upstream and downstream relationships, entity class,
entity types of the business service, select the 360º view.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Details tab |  |
| Name | Name of the business service. |
| Approval group | Approval group that is responsible for the approval of the business service. For example, Application Development or Application Security group. |
| Model ID | Model ID for the business service. |
| Support group | Support group for the business service. |
| Owned by | Owner of the business service. This field is auto-filled. |
| Change group | Change group that is responsible for updating the business service. |
| Business criticality | Criticality of the business service. The available options are as follows: •1—most critical •2—somewhat critical •3—less critical •4—not critical |
| Managed by | User that manages the business service. |
| Version | Version of the business service. |
| SLA | Service level agreements (SLAs) associated with the business service. |

Create New Business Service form
Use the Create New Business Service form in Operational Resilience Workspace to set up a
business service and configure its related lists.
Create New Business Service form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create New Business Service form
Field Description
Details tab
Name Name of the business service.
Approval group Approval group that is responsible for the
approval of the business service. For example,
Application Development or Application
Security group.
Model ID Model ID for the business service.
Support group Support group for the business service.
Owned by Owner of the business service. This field is
auto-filled.
Change group Change group that is responsible for updating
the business service.
Business criticality Criticality of the business service. The
available options are as follows:
•1—most critical
•2—somewhat critical
•3—less critical
•4—not critical
Managed by User that manages the business service.
Version Version of the business service.
SLA Service level agreements (SLAs) associated
with the business service.
Used for Usage category that the business service is
used for. For example, Staging. The available
options are as follows:
•Production
•Staging
•QA
•Test
•Development
•Demonstration

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Training •Disaster recovery |
| Location | Location of the business service, such as Seattle or Fairfax. |
| Operational status | Operational status of the business service. The available options are as follows: •Operational •Non-Operational •Repair in Progress •DR Standby •Ready •Retired •Pipeline •Catalog |
| Vendor | Vendor that is responsible for operating the business service. |
| Service classification | Classification of the business service. The available options are as follows: •Application Service •Business Service •Technical Service |
| Comments | Comments section for the business service. Typically, the Operational Resilience administrators add the comments about the business service. |

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |

Create New Business Service form (continued)
Field Description
•Training
•Disaster recovery
Location Location of the business service, such as
Seattle or Fairfax.
Operational status Operational status of the business service.
The available options are as follows:
•Operational
•Non-Operational
•Repair in Progress
•DR Standby
•Ready
•Retired
•Pipeline
•Catalog
Vendor Vendor that is responsible for operating the
business service.
Service classification Classification of the business service. The
available options are as follows:
•Application Service
•Business Service
•Technical Service
Comments Comments section for the business service.
Typically, the Operational Resilience
administrators add the comments about the
business service.
Related tabs that are associated with the business service
Related tab Description
General
Overview tab Displays the following red flags data:
1.Total red flags
2. Red flags by type
◦Issues
◦Failed controls
◦Risks

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | ◦Outages ◦Incidents ◦Change requests ◦Operational vulnerabilities ◦Vulnerabilities ◦Third party risk assessments 3. Assets impacted by red flags |
| Details tab | Details of the selected business record. For more information on the fields and their description, see the "Create New Service form" table on this page. |
| Services and dependencies |  |
| Child services | Child services that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the child services: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Business processes | Processes that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the business processes: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Dependencies | Dependencies that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the dependencies: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |

Related tabs that are associated with the business service (continued)
Related tab Description
◦Outages
◦Incidents
◦Change requests
◦Operational vulnerabilities
◦Vulnerabilities
◦Third party risk assessments
3. Assets impacted by red flags
Details tab Details of the selected business record.
For more information on the fields and their
description, see the "Create New Service form"
table on this page.
Services and dependencies
Child services
Child services that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the child services:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Business processes
Processes that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the business processes:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Dependencies Dependencies that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the dependencies:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Ongoing events |  |
| Incidents | Incidents that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the incidents: •Incident •Short description •Owner •Opened •Caller •Priority •State •Category •Assignment group •Assigned to •Updated •Updated by •Dependency •Pillar |
| Outages | Outages that are associated with the current business service. You can create an outage for the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the outages: •Number •Outage •Type •Begin •End •Dependency •Pillar |
| Red flags |  |

Related tabs that are associated with the business service (continued)
Related tab Description
Ongoing events
Incidents
Incidents that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the incidents:
•Incident
•Short description
•Owner
•Opened
•Caller
•Priority
•State
•Category
•Assignment group
•Assigned to
•Updated
•Updated by
•Dependency
•Pillar
Outages
Outages that are associated with the current
business service. You can create an outage for
the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the outages:
•Number
•Outage
•Type
•Begin
•End
•Dependency
•Pillar
Red flags
Issues
Issues that are associated with the business
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the issues:

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Issue •Priority •Status •Planned end date •Dependency •Pillar |
| High risks | High risks that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the high risks: •Risk •Risk assessment •Risk statement •Risk response •Inherent rating •Computed inherent rating •Residual rating •Computed residual rating •Dependency •Pillar |
| Failed controls | Failed controls that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the failed controls: •Control •Control objective •Status •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the business service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Issue
•Priority
•Status
•Planned end date
•Dependency
•Pillar
High risks
High risks that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the high risks:
•Risk
•Risk assessment
•Risk statement
•Risk response
•Inherent rating
•Computed inherent rating
•Residual rating
•Computed residual rating
•Dependency
•Pillar
Failed controls
Failed controls that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the failed controls:
•Control
•Control objective
•Status
•Dependency
•Pillar
Change requests
Change requests that are associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the change requests:
•Change request
•Short description

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Type •State •Planned start date •Planned end date •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Tasks | Tasks that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the tasks: •Task •Short description •State •Task type •Priority •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Vulnerabilities | Vulnerabilities associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the vulnerabilities: •Vulnerability •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the business service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Type
•State
•Planned start date
•Planned end date
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Tasks
Tasks that are associated with the business
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the tasks:
•Task
•Short description
•State
•Task type
•Priority
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Vulnerabilities Vulnerabilities associated with the business
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the vulnerabilities:
•Vulnerability
•Dependency
•Pillar
Operational vulnerabilities Operational vulnerabilities associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the operational
vulnerabilities:
•Number
•Case
•Related area
•Related area table
•Title

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Related area type •Domain |
| Third party risk assessments | Third party risk assessments associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the Third party risk assessments: •Third party risk assessment •Dependency •Pillar |
| Program activities |  |
| Business continuity plans | List of the Business continuity plans that are associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the plans: •Plan •Plan asset •Activated plan •Event •Event asset •Dependency •Pillar •Status •RTO •RPO •BIA date •RTO gap |

Related tabs that are associated with the business service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Related area type
•Domain
Third party risk assessments Third party risk assessments associated with
the business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the Third party risk
assessments:
•Third party risk assessment
•Dependency
•Pillar
Program activities
Business continuity plans List of the Business continuity plans that are
associated with the business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the plans:
•Plan
•Plan asset
•Activated plan
•Event
•Event asset
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Status
•RTO
•RPO
•BIA date
•RTO gap
Importance and impact assessment
Importance and impact assessment that is
done for the business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the assessment:
•Impact tolerance (Duration)
•Impact tolerance assessment
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Duration)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Customer impact)

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Overridden importance •Impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Importance |
| Scenario analysis | Scenario analysis that is associated with the business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the scenario analysis: •Breach status •Disruption duration •Impact tolerance •Deviation (%) •Importance •Scenario analysis •Service •Created by •Created •Domain |

Related tabs that are associated with the business service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Financial impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Transaction Volume)
•Overridden importance
•Impact tolerance (Customer impact)
•Impact tolerance (Financial impact)
•Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume)
•Importance
Scenario analysis
Scenario analysis that is associated with the
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the scenario analysis:
•Breach status
•Disruption duration
•Impact tolerance
•Deviation (%)
•Importance
•Scenario analysis
•Service
•Created by
•Created
•Domain
Add a service offering to Operational Resilience reporting
Add a service offering to Operational Resilience reporting.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
About this task
Beginning with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, records in the Services, Business
services, Offerings, Business processes, and Application services modules feature a vertical
layout.
Procedure
1.Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Services.
The following modules are displayed:
◦Services
◦Business Services

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Details tab |  |
| Name | Name of the offering, for example, Service Offering for Datacenter. |
| Approval group | Approval group that is responsible for the approval of the service offering. For example, Application Development or Application Security group, for example, capacity Mgmt. |
| Model ID | Model ID for the service offering, for example, Dell Inc. 7700FullHD. |
| Support group | Support group for the service offering, for example, Application Development. |
| Owned by | Owner of the service offering. |
| Change group | Change group that is responsible for updating the service offering, for example, App Engine Admins. |
| Business criticality | Criticality of the service offering. The available options are as follows: •1—most critical •2—somewhat critical •3—less critical •4—not critical |
| Managed by | User that manages the service offering. |
| Version | Version of the service offering. |
| SLA | Service level agreements (SLAs) associated with the service offering. |

◦Service Offerings
◦Business Process
2. To add a service offering to the Operational Resilience application, select New in the Service
offerings list view and fill in the details regarding the service offering on the Create New
Offering form.
3. Select Save.
Create New Offering form
Use the Create New Offering form in Operational Resilience Workspace to set up a service
offering and configure its related information.
Create New Offering form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create New Offering form
Field Description
Details tab
Name Name of the offering, for example, Service
Offering for Datacenter.
Approval group Approval group that is responsible for the
approval of the service offering. For example,
Application Development or Application
Security group, for example, capacity Mgmt.
Model ID Model ID for the service offering, for example,
Dell Inc. 7700FullHD.
Support group Support group for the service offering, for
example, Application Development.
Owned by Owner of the service offering.
Change group Change group that is responsible for updating
the service offering, for example, App Engine
Admins.
Business criticality Criticality of the service offering. The available
options are as follows:
•1—most critical
•2—somewhat critical
•3—less critical
•4—not critical
Managed by User that manages the service offering.
Version Version of the service offering.
SLA Service level agreements (SLAs) associated
with the service offering.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Used for | Usage category that the service offering is used for. For example, Staging. The available options are as follows: •Production •Staging •QA •Test •Development •Demonstration •Training •Disaster recovery |
| Location | Physical location of the service offering. |
| Operational status | Operational status of the service offering. The available options are as follows: •Operational •Non-Operational •Repair in Progress •DR Standby •Ready •Retired •Pipeline •Catalog |
| Vendor | Vendor that is responsible for operating the service offering such as APC or Amazon. |
| Service classification | Classification of the service. The available options are as follows: •Application Service •Business Service •Technology Management Service |
| Comments | Comments section for the service offering. Typically, the Operational Resilience administrators add the comments about the offerings. |

Create New Offering form (continued)
Field Description
Used for Usage category that the service offering is
used for. For example, Staging. The available
options are as follows:
•Production
•Staging
•QA
•Test
•Development
•Demonstration
•Training
•Disaster recovery
Location Physical location of the service offering.
Operational status Operational status of the service offering. The
available options are as follows:
•Operational
•Non-Operational
•Repair in Progress
•DR Standby
•Ready
•Retired
•Pipeline
•Catalog
Vendor Vendor that is responsible for operating the
service offering such as APC or Amazon.
Service classification Classification of the service. The available
options are as follows:
•Application Service
•Business Service
•Technology Management Service
Comments Comments section for the service offering.
Typically, the Operational Resilience
administrators add the comments about the
offerings.

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |
| Overview tab | Displays the following red flags data: 1.Total red flags 2. Red flags by type ◦Issues ◦Failed controls ◦Risks ◦Outages ◦Incidents ◦Change requests ◦Operational vulnerabilities ◦Vulnerabilities ◦Third party risk assessments 3. Assets impacted by red flags |
| Details tab | Details of the selected record. For more information on the fields and their description, see the "Create New Service form" table on this page. |
| Services and dependencies |  |
| Child services | Child services that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the child services: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Business processes | Processes that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the business processes: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |

Related tabs that are associated with the offering
Related tab Description
General
Overview tab Displays the following red flags data:
1.Total red flags
2. Red flags by type
◦Issues
◦Failed controls
◦Risks
◦Outages
◦Incidents
◦Change requests
◦Operational vulnerabilities
◦Vulnerabilities
◦Third party risk assessments
3. Assets impacted by red flags
Details tab Details of the selected record. For more
information on the fields and their description,
see the "Create New Service form" table on
this page.
Services and dependencies
Child services
Child services that are associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the child services:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Business processes
Processes that are associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the business processes:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Dependencies | Dependencies that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the dependencies: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Ongoing events |  |
| Incidents | Incidents that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the incidents: •Incident •Short description •Owner •Opened •Caller •Priority •State •Category •Assignment group •Assigned to •Updated •Updated by •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the offering (continued)
Related tab Description
Dependencies Dependencies that are associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the dependencies:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Ongoing events
Incidents
Incidents that are associated with the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the incidents:
•Incident
•Short description
•Owner
•Opened
•Caller
•Priority
•State
•Category
•Assignment group
•Assigned to
•Updated
•Updated by
•Dependency
•Pillar
Outages
Outages that are associated with the current
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the outages:
•Number
•Outage
•Type
•Begin
•End

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| Red flags |  |
| Issues | Issues that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the issues: •Issue •Priority •Status •Planned end date •Dependency •Pillar |
| High risks | High risks that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the high risks: •Risk •Risk assessment •Risk statement •Risk response •Inherent rating •Computed inherent rating •Residual rating •Computed residual rating •Dependency •Pillar |
| Failed controls | Failed controls that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the failed controls: •Control •Control objective •Status •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the offering (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
Red flags
Issues
Issues that are associated with the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the issues:
•Issue
•Priority
•Status
•Planned end date
•Dependency
•Pillar
High risks
High risks that are associated with the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the high risks:
•Risk
•Risk assessment
•Risk statement
•Risk response
•Inherent rating
•Computed inherent rating
•Residual rating
•Computed residual rating
•Dependency
•Pillar
Failed controls
Failed controls that are associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the failed controls:
•Control
•Control objective
•Status
•Dependency
•Pillar

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Change requests | Change requests that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the change requests: •Change request •Short description •Type •State •Planned start date •Planned end date •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Tasks | Tasks that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the tasks: •Task •Short description •State •Task type •Priority •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Vulnerabilities | Vulnerabilities associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the vulnerabilities: •Vulnerability •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the offering (continued)
Related tab Description
Change requests
Change requests that are associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the change requests:
•Change request
•Short description
•Type
•State
•Planned start date
•Planned end date
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Tasks
Tasks that are associated with the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the tasks:
•Task
•Short description
•State
•Task type
•Priority
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Vulnerabilities Vulnerabilities associated with the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the vulnerabilities:
•Vulnerability
•Dependency
•Pillar
Operational vulnerabilities Operational vulnerabilities associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the operational
vulnerabilities:

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Number •Case •Related area •Related area table •Title •Related area type •Domain |
| Third party risk assessments | Third party risk assessments associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the Third party risk assessments: •Third party risk assessment •Dependency •Pillar |
| Program activities |  |
| Business continuity plans | List of the Business continuity plans that are associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the plans: •Plan •Plan asset •Activated plan •Event •Event asset •Dependency •Pillar •Status •RTO •RPO •BIA date •RTO gap |

Related tabs that are associated with the offering (continued)
Related tab Description
•Number
•Case
•Related area
•Related area table
•Title
•Related area type
•Domain
Third party risk assessments Third party risk assessments associated with
the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the Third party risk
assessments:
•Third party risk assessment
•Dependency
•Pillar
Program activities
Business continuity plans List of the Business continuity plans that are
associated with the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the plans:
•Plan
•Plan asset
•Activated plan
•Event
•Event asset
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Status
•RTO
•RPO
•BIA date
•RTO gap
Importance and impact assessment
Importance and impact assessment that is
done for the offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the assessment:

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Impact tolerance (Duration) •Impact tolerance assessment •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Duration) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Overridden importance •Impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Importance |
| Scenario analysis | Scenario analysis that is associated with the offering. The tab displays the following sample information about the scenario analysis: •Breach status •Disruption duration •Impact tolerance •Deviation (%) •Importance •Scenario analysis •Service •Created by •Created •Domain |

Related tabs that are associated with the offering (continued)
Related tab Description
•Impact tolerance (Duration)
•Impact tolerance assessment
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Duration)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Customer impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Financial impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Transaction Volume)
•Overridden importance
•Impact tolerance (Customer impact)
•Impact tolerance (Financial impact)
•Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume)
•Importance
Scenario analysis
Scenario analysis that is associated with the
offering.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the scenario analysis:
•Breach status
•Disruption duration
•Impact tolerance
•Deviation (%)
•Importance
•Scenario analysis
•Service
•Created by
•Created
•Domain
Add a business process to Operational Resilience reporting
Add a business process to Operational Resilience reporting.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
About this task
Beginning with Operational Resilience, Release 21.0.x, records in the Services, Business
services, Offerings, Business processes, and Application services modules feature a vertical
layout.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Details tab |  |
| Name | Name of the business process. |
| Parent | Parent service that is associated with the business process. |
| Life Cycle Stage | Life cycle stage of the business process, for example, Ideation. |
| Life Cycle Stage Status | Status of the life cycle stage, for example, Evaluation. |
| Review frequency | Review frequency for the business process. Available options are: •Monthly •Quarterly •Semi Annual/Half Yearly •Annually |
| Next review date | Next review date for the business process. This field is auto-assigned by the system. |
| Description | Description of the business process. |

Procedure
1.Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Services.
The following modules are displayed:
◦Services
◦Business Services
◦Service Offerings
◦Business Process
2. To add a business process to the Operational Resilience application, select New in the
Business processes list view and fill in the details regarding the business process on the
Create New Business Process form.
3. Select Save.
Create New Business Process form
Use the Create New Business Process form in Operational Resilience Workspace to set up a
business process and configure its related lists.
Create New Business Process form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create New Business Process form
Field Description
Details tab
Name Name of the business process.
Parent Parent service that is associated with the
business process.
Life Cycle Stage Life cycle stage of the business process, for
example, Ideation.
Life Cycle Stage Status Status of the life cycle stage, for example,
Evaluation.
Review frequency Review frequency for the business process.
Available options are:
•Monthly
•Quarterly
•Semi Annual/Half Yearly
•Annually
Next review date Next review date for the business process.
This field is auto-assigned by the system.
Description Description of the business process.

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |
| Overview tab | Displays the following red flags data: 1.Total red flags 2. Red flags by type ◦Issues ◦Failed controls ◦Risks ◦Outages ◦Incidents ◦Change requests ◦Operational vulnerabilities ◦Vulnerabilities ◦Third party risk assessments 3. Assets impacted by red flags |
| Details tab | Details of the selected business process record. |
| Services and dependencies |  |
| Child services | Child services that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the child services: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Business processes | Processes that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the business processes: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |

Related tabs that are associated with the business process
Related tab Description
General
Overview tab Displays the following red flags data:
1.Total red flags
2. Red flags by type
◦Issues
◦Failed controls
◦Risks
◦Outages
◦Incidents
◦Change requests
◦Operational vulnerabilities
◦Vulnerabilities
◦Third party risk assessments
3. Assets impacted by red flags
Details tab Details of the selected business process
record.
Services and dependencies
Child services
Child services that are associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the child services:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Business processes
Processes that are associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the business processes:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Dependencies Dependencies that are associated with the
business process.

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The tab displays the following sample information about the dependencies: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Ongoing events |  |
| Incidents | Incidents that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the incidents: •Incident •Short description •Owner •Opened •Caller •Priority •State •Category •Assignment group •Assigned to •Updated •Updated by •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the business process (continued)
Related tab Description
The tab displays the following sample
information about the dependencies:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Ongoing events
Incidents
Incidents that are associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the incidents:
•Incident
•Short description
•Owner
•Opened
•Caller
•Priority
•State
•Category
•Assignment group
•Assigned to
•Updated
•Updated by
•Dependency
•Pillar
Outages
Outages that are associated with the business
process. You can create an outage for the
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the outages:
•Number
•Outage
•Type
•Begin
•End

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| Red flags |  |
| Issues | Issues that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the issues: •Issue •Priority •Status •Planned end date •Dependency •Pillar |
| High risks | High risks that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the high risks: •Risk •Risk assessment •Risk statement •Risk response •Inherent rating •Computed inherent rating •Residual rating •Computed residual rating •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the business process (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
Red flags
Issues
Issues that are associated with the business
process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the issues:
•Issue
•Priority
•Status
•Planned end date
•Dependency
•Pillar
High risks
High risks that are associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the high risks:
•Risk
•Risk assessment
•Risk statement
•Risk response
•Inherent rating
•Computed inherent rating
•Residual rating
•Computed residual rating
•Dependency
•Pillar
Failed controls
Failed controls that are associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the failed controls:
•Control
•Control objective
•Status

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| Change requests | Change requests that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the change requests: •Change request •Short description •Type •State •Planned start date •Planned end date •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Tasks | Tasks that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the tasks: •Task •Short description •State •Task type •Priority •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |
| Vulnerabilities | Vulnerabilities associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the vulnerabilities: •Vulnerability •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the business process (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
Change requests
Change requests that are associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the change requests:
•Change request
•Short description
•Type
•State
•Planned start date
•Planned end date
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Tasks
Tasks that are associated with the business
process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the tasks:
•Task
•Short description
•State
•Task type
•Priority
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Vulnerabilities Vulnerabilities associated with the business
process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the vulnerabilities:
•Vulnerability
•Dependency
•Pillar
Operational vulnerabilities Operational vulnerabilities associated with the
business process.

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The tab displays the following sample information about the operational vulnerabilities: •Number •Case •Related area •Related area table •Title •Related area type •Domain |
| Third party risk assessments | Third party risk assessments associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the Third party risk assessments: •Third party risk assessment •Dependency •Pillar |
| Program activities |  |
| Business continuity plans | List of the Business continuity plans that are associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the plans: •Plan •Plan asset •Activated plan •Event •Event asset •Dependency •Pillar •Status •RTO •RPO •BIA date •RTO gap |

Related tabs that are associated with the business process (continued)
Related tab Description
The tab displays the following sample
information about the operational
vulnerabilities:
•Number
•Case
•Related area
•Related area table
•Title
•Related area type
•Domain
Third party risk assessments Third party risk assessments associated with
the business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the Third party risk
assessments:
•Third party risk assessment
•Dependency
•Pillar
Program activities
Business continuity plans List of the Business continuity plans that are
associated with the business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the plans:
•Plan
•Plan asset
•Activated plan
•Event
•Event asset
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Status
•RTO
•RPO
•BIA date
•RTO gap
Importance and impact assessment
Importance and impact assessment that is
done for the business process.

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The tab displays the following sample information about the assessment: •Impact tolerance (Duration) •Impact tolerance assessment •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Duration) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Overridden importance •Impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Importance |
| Scenario analysis | Scenario analysis that is associated with the business process. The tab displays the following sample information about the scenario analysis: •Breach status •Disruption duration •Impact tolerance •Deviation (%) •Importance •Scenario analysis •Service •Created by •Created •Domain |

Related tabs that are associated with the business process (continued)
Related tab Description
The tab displays the following sample
information about the assessment:
•Impact tolerance (Duration)
•Impact tolerance assessment
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Duration)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Customer impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Financial impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Transaction Volume)
•Overridden importance
•Impact tolerance (Customer impact)
•Impact tolerance (Financial impact)
•Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume)
•Importance
Scenario analysis
Scenario analysis that is associated with the
business process.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the scenario analysis:
•Breach status
•Disruption duration
•Impact tolerance
•Deviation (%)
•Importance
•Scenario analysis
•Service
•Created by
•Created
•Domain
Add an application service to Operational Resilience reporting
Add an application service to Operational Resilience reporting. Beginning with Operational
Resilience, Release 21.0.x,the Application services module is supported in the Operational
Resilience Workspace.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Details tab |  |
| Name | Name of the application service. |
| Approval group | Approval group that is responsible for the approval of the application service, for example, Analytics setting managers or Application Security group. |
| Model ID | Model ID for the application service, for example, AT&T SoundPoint IP 560. |
| Support group | Support group for the application service, for example, App Engine Admins. |
| Owned by | Owner of the application service. |
| Change group | Change group that is responsible for updating the application service, for example, Application Development. |

Procedure
1.Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Services.
The following modules are displayed:
◦Services
◦Business services
◦Offerings
◦Business processes
◦Application services
2. To add an application service to the Operational Resilience application, select New in the
Application services list view.
3. On the form, fill in the fields.
You can fill in the details of the application service in the form. For information on the fields,
see Create New Service Instance form.
4.Select Save.
Create New Service Instance form
Use the Create New Service Instance form in Operational Resilience Workspace to set up an
application service and configure its related lists.
Create New Service Instance form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create New Service Instance form
Field Description
Details tab
Name Name of the application service.
Approval group Approval group that is responsible for the
approval of the application service, for
example, Analytics setting managers or
Application Security group.
Model ID Model ID for the application service, for
example, AT&T SoundPoint IP 560.
Support group Support group for the application service, for
example, App Engine Admins.
Owned by Owner of the application service.
Change group Change group that is responsible for
updating the application service, for example,
Application Development.
Business criticality Criticality of the application service. The
available options are as follows:
•1—most critical
•2—somewhat critical

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •3—less critical •4—not critical |
| Managed by | User that manages the application service. |
| Version | Version of the application service. |
| SLA | Service level agreements (SLAs) associated with the application service, for example, Finance 99.99. |
| Used for | Usage category that the application service is used for. For example, Staging. The available options for the usage category are as follows: •Production •Staging •QA •Test •Development •Demonstration •Training •Disaster recovery |
| Location | Location and the physical address for the application service. |
| Operational status | Operational status of the application service. The available options are as follows: •Operational •Non-Operational •Repair in Progress •DR Standby •Ready •Retired •Pipeline •Catalog |
| Vendor | Vendor that is responsible for operating the application service, for example, Acer or Adobe Systems. |

Create New Service Instance form (continued)
Field Description
•3—less critical
•4—not critical
Managed by User that manages the application service.
Version Version of the application service.
SLA Service level agreements (SLAs) associated
with the application service, for example,
Finance 99.99.
Used for Usage category that the application service is
used for. For example, Staging. The available
options for the usage category are as follows:
•Production
•Staging
•QA
•Test
•Development
•Demonstration
•Training
•Disaster recovery
Location Location and the physical address for the
application service.
Operational status Operational status of the application service.
The available options are as follows:
•Operational
•Non-Operational
•Repair in Progress
•DR Standby
•Ready
•Retired
•Pipeline
•Catalog
Vendor Vendor that is responsible for operating the
application service, for example, Acer or
Adobe Systems.
Service classification Classification of the service. The available
options are as follows:

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Application Service •Business Service •Technology Management Service |
| Comments | Comments section for the application service. Typically, the Operational Resilience administrators add comments about the application service. |

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| General |  |
| Overview tab | Displays the following red flags data: 1.Total red flags 2. Red flags by type ◦Issues ◦Failed controls ◦Risks ◦Outages ◦Incidents ◦Change requests ◦Operational vulnerabilities ◦Vulnerabilities ◦Third party risk assessments 3. Assets impacted by red flags |
| Details tab | Details of the selected application service record. |
| Services and dependencies |  |
| Child services | Child services that are associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the child services: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |

Create New Service Instance form (continued)
Field Description
•Application Service
•Business Service
•Technology Management Service
Comments Comments section for the application
service. Typically, the Operational Resilience
administrators add comments about the
application service.
Related tabs that are associated with the application service
Related tab Description
General
Overview tab Displays the following red flags data:
1.Total red flags
2. Red flags by type
◦Issues
◦Failed controls
◦Risks
◦Outages
◦Incidents
◦Change requests
◦Operational vulnerabilities
◦Vulnerabilities
◦Third party risk assessments
3. Assets impacted by red flags
Details tab Details of the selected application service
record.
Services and dependencies
Child services
Child services that are associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the child services:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Business processes | Processes that are associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the business processes: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Dependencies | Dependencies that are associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the dependencies: •Dependency •Pillar •Impacted objects •Red flags count |
| Ongoing events |  |
| Incidents | Incidents that are associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the incidents: •Incident •Short description •Owner •Opened •Caller •Priority •State •Category •Assignment group •Assigned to •Updated •Updated by •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the application service (continued)
Related tab Description
Business processes
Processes that are associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the business processes:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Dependencies Dependencies that are associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the dependencies:
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Impacted objects
•Red flags count
Ongoing events
Incidents
Incidents that are associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the incidents:
•Incident
•Short description
•Owner
•Opened
•Caller
•Priority
•State
•Category
•Assignment group
•Assigned to
•Updated
•Updated by
•Dependency
•Pillar

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Outages | Outages that are associated with the current application service. You can create an outage for the service. The tab displays the following sample information about the outages: •Number •Outage •Type •Begin •End •Dependency •Pillar |
| Red flags |  |
| Issues | Issues that are associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the issues: •Issue •Priority •Status •Planned end date •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the application service (continued)
Related tab Description
Outages
Outages that are associated with the current
application service. You can create an outage
for the service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the outages:
•Number
•Outage
•Type
•Begin
•End
•Dependency
•Pillar
Red flags
Issues
Issues that are associated with the application
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the issues:
•Issue
•Priority
•Status
•Planned end date
•Dependency
•Pillar
High risks
High risks that are associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the high risks:
•Risk
•Risk assessment
•Risk statement
•Risk response
•Inherent rating
•Computed inherent rating
•Residual rating
•Computed residual rating

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| Failed controls | Failed controls that are associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the failed controls: •Control •Control objective •Status •Dependency •Pillar |
| Change requests | Change requests that are associated with a business service. The tab displays the following sample information about the change requests: •Change request •Short description •Type •State •Planned start date •Planned end date •Assigned to •Dependency •Pillar |

Related tabs that are associated with the application service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
Failed controls
Failed controls that are associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the failed controls:
•Control
•Control objective
•Status
•Dependency
•Pillar
Change requests
Change requests that are associated with a
business service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the change requests:
•Change request
•Short description
•Type
•State
•Planned start date
•Planned end date
•Assigned to
•Dependency
•Pillar
Tasks
Tasks that are associated with the application
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the tasks:
•Task
•Short description
•State
•Task type
•Priority
•Assigned to

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Dependency •Pillar |
| Vulnerabilities | Vulnerabilities associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the vulnerabilities: •Vulnerability •Dependency •Pillar |
| Operational vulnerabilities | Operational vulnerabilities associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the operational vulnerabilities: •Number •Case •Related area •Related area table •Title •Related area type •Domain |
| Third party risk assessments | Third party risk assessments associated with the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the Third party risk assessments: •Third party risk assessment •Dependency •Pillar |
| Program activities |  |

Related tabs that are associated with the application service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Dependency
•Pillar
Vulnerabilities Vulnerabilities associated with the application
service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the vulnerabilities:
•Vulnerability
•Dependency
•Pillar
Operational vulnerabilities Operational vulnerabilities associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the operational
vulnerabilities:
•Number
•Case
•Related area
•Related area table
•Title
•Related area type
•Domain
Third party risk assessments Third party risk assessments associated with
the application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the Third party risk
assessments:
•Third party risk assessment
•Dependency
•Pillar
Program activities
Business continuity plans List of the Business continuity plans that are
associated with the application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the plans:
•Plan
•Plan asset
•Activated plan
•Event

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Event asset •Dependency •Pillar •Status •RTO •RPO •BIA date •RTO gap |
| Importance and impact assessment | Importance and impact assessment that is done for the application service. The tab displays the following sample information about the assessment: •Impact tolerance (Duration) •Impact tolerance assessment •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Duration) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Justification for overriding impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Overridden importance •Impact tolerance (Customer impact) •Impact tolerance (Financial impact) •Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume) •Importance |

Related tabs that are associated with the application service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Event asset
•Dependency
•Pillar
•Status
•RTO
•RPO
•BIA date
•RTO gap
Importance and impact assessment
Importance and impact assessment that is
done for the application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the assessment:
•Impact tolerance (Duration)
•Impact tolerance assessment
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Duration)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Customer impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Financial impact)
•Justification for overriding impact tolerance
(Transaction Volume)
•Overridden importance
•Impact tolerance (Customer impact)
•Impact tolerance (Financial impact)
•Impact tolerance (Transaction Volume)
•Importance
Scenario analysis
Scenario analysis that is associated with the
application service.
The tab displays the following sample
information about the scenario analysis:
•Breach status
•Disruption duration
•Impact tolerance
•Deviation (%)
•Importance
•Scenario analysis

| Related tab | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Service •Created by •Created •Domain |

Related tabs that are associated with the application service (continued)
Related tab Description
•Service
•Created by
•Created
•Domain
Verify the Main node configurations and relationships
Verify that the Main node configurations are set up and the relationships are configured in
Operational Resilience.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > Data Relationships Framework > Main node configurations.
The Main node configurations that are provided with the base system are displayed.
2. Verify that and CI and non-CI relationships are configured in CMDB, Main node configurations
and node relationship configurations are set up, and entities are generated in Operational
Resilience.
What to do next
To fetch the dependencies, execute the scheduled job. For more information, see Execute the
scheduled jobs.
Execute the scheduled jobs
Execute the scheduled jobs required for the main node relationships. After the scheduled jobs
are executed, CSDM objects with their configured relationships are imported into Operational
Resilience for reporting.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
Before executing the scheduled job, ensure that the following pre-requisites are met:
1.Entity types and pillars have been defined and entities have been generated.
2. Configuration item (CI) relationships have been created as required for the Main node
configuration relationships.
Once all these pre-requisites are met, you can execute the scheduled job.

Note: All configurations with the source as OpRes CMDB run in parallel.
About this task
Note:
The Update CSDM and other dependencies and Calculate red flags
for CSDM and dependencies scheduled jobs create an entity hierarchy and all
types of red flags. All CSDM and red flags are rolled up based on their entity hierarchy.
The scheduled jobs are configured to run according to the following schedule:
1.The Update CSDM and other dependencies scheduled job updates CSDM and
other dependencies. It is configured to run weekly at midnight local time.
2. The Calculate red flags for CSDM and dependencies scheduled job
calculates the red flags for the CSDM and its dependencies. It is configured to run daily at
3:00 AM local time.
Operational Resilience administrators can perform all the functions as the Operational
Resilience managers. The Operational Resilience users cannot execute the scheduled job but
they can verify the records in the entity and entity hierarchy tables.
Before running the scheduled job, verify that the relationships are set up for an object as shown
in the following example.
Procedure
1.Navigate to All > system definition > Scheduled Jobs.
2. Choose the Update CSDM and other dependencies scheduled job.
The illustration shows the steps executed in the script of the scheduled job.
a.When the script is run, it cleans all the records in the staging tables. Staging tables are used
in Operational Resilience to save the red flags, which are displayed on the dashboard.
b.Next, it updates the CSDM dependencies by calling the relationship API.
c.As the final step, it runs the configurations in parallel to ensure that the scheduled job
completes quickly and loads the data efficiently.