### Interacting with the Nexus map UI from the Workspace

3. Select Execute Now.
After the scheduled job is executed, all CMDB objects are fetched into Operational Resilience.
4.Verify that the Main node configuration, node relationship configuration, and node
configuration results are displayed correctly.
5. Verify that staging records are created according to entity hierarchies after running the
scheduled job.
Depending on the installed applications, the staging tables are created in Operational
Resilience. For example, when the scheduled job is run, the following staging tables are
created.
◦sn_oper_res_failed_control
◦sn_oper_res_risk
◦sn_oper_res_bcm_plan
◦sn_oper_res_vul_profile
◦sn_oper_res_third_party_risk
◦sn_oper_res_task
◦sn_oper_res_change_request
◦sn_oper_res_critical_service_outage
◦sn_oper_res_incident
◦sn_oper_res_issue
The business views are mapped into the entity hierarchy. Red flags for the entities, such as
Failed controls, High risks, Issues, Vulnerability response, are displayed in the reports on the
landing page. For more information, see Business services overview tab.
Interacting with the Nexus map UI from the Workspace
Use the Nexus map (Resilience map) to define relationships between different records and
configuration to show related data with hierarchy and plot those in a node map. You can examine
the map's current configuration and identify areas for change. By modifying the configuration,
you can observe how the map is updated accordingly.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager

Procedure
1.Navigate to Operational Resilience Workspace > List > Services.
2. From any of the Services modules, open the desired record that you want to work on.
You can open the record from one of the following Services modules:
◦Services
◦Business services
◦Offerings
◦Business processes
◦Application services
The following example shows the service record for IRCTC Web Portal.
3. To open and update the map view of the configuration record, select the Resilience map UI
action.
The Resilience map UI action is the default entry point for the node map and it’s configured
as the primary access point. You can navigate to this map from any entity overview, such as a
service or business service overview in the Operational Resilience Workspace. After doing so,
you’re directed to the default resilience map that has been configured.
Note: The sys_id of the nexus map is defined in the respective declarative actions.
Multiple Nexus maps: You can configure multiple Nexus maps for a single main node. When
configuring a specific entity, such as a business service, you can create multiple Nexus map
configurations. For example, you can configure a Nexus map for a business service resilience
map group, which includes multiple buttons that link to different node maps. The group name
can be customized to suit your needs.
In the following example, two buttons are configured for the business service resilience
map group, each depicting a specific node map. This functionality enables for a tailored
visualization of the business service and its associated nodes. By customizing the group name
and node maps, you can create a more informative and user-friendly Nexus map.

When you navigate to the Resilience map, the default configuration loads automatically.
Selecting a specific root node as shown in the example, displays the corresponding
configuration associated with that node.
The root node's styling is displayed, referencing a specific node within the map. The Main
node configuration supports both top-to-bottom and bottom-to-top directions, enabling for
flexible hierarchical visualization.
The Direction column in the example shows that both upstream and downstream Main node
configurations are enabled, reflecting the same hierarchy in the map.

4.To designate a different node as the primary node, simply select it from the map, select and
hold (or right-click) on it, and choose the Make this primary option.
The Make this primary option is shown in the example.
When you select this option, the map reloads, and a breadcrumb is added to reflect the newly
designated root node. You can navigate back to the root node by selecting on the Home
icon, which centers the root node on the page. The map then displays the upstream and
downstream connections related to the root node.
When you update a node to be the primary (root) node, the available options are limited to
Open record and Open 360° view as shown in the example.

5. To open the record associated with the node, select Open record.
If you choose Open record, it redirects you to the node's overview page.
6.To open the 360º view associated with the node, select Open 360º view.
Selecting Open 360° view loads the 360° view configured for that node, as defined in the
node configuration settings.

7.To navigate to the Service record or the list view, use the breadcrumb menu option in the UI.
The example displays the breadcrumb trail navigation to the Service record.
8.To search for a specific service on the map, select Find on map.
The node map includes a "Find on map" feature that enables you to search for a specific
service.

When you initiate a search, the corresponding node is highlighted in the map, and you can
select it for further actions. Clearing the search returns the map to its previous state. You can
also designate the searched node as the primary node, which updates the map to display the
node as the root, along with its upstream and downstream connections.
9.To view the list of grouped nodes or expand them individually, right-select on the grouped
nodes.
The node map displays grouped nodes, such as first node, second node, and third group as
expandable.
Right-selecting on the grouped node provides options to either view the open list, which lists
the number of nodes grouped at that point, or expand the node.
10.To view additional nodes associated with the selected node, expand the nodes.
The node expansion feature enables you to view additional nodes associated with the
selected node, such as the "passenger information" level shown in the example. The
expansion of the nodes is updated dynamically based on the number of levels available,
enabling a more detailed and controlled exploration of the node map. By using the expand and
open list options, you can efficiently navigate the map and better understand the relationships
between nodes.

11. To aggregate nodes at a specific level, change the main node configuration type from "Default"
to "Group" and display the consolidated view.
The node map includes an aggregation feature that enables you to group nodes at a specific
level. You can change the main node configuration type from "Default" to "Group" as shown in
the example.
This action aggregates the nodes at the selected level, providing a more consolidated view.
12. To open the grouped nodes in the list format, right-select on the grouped node and select
Open list.
This action lists the entities that have been aggregated at that point, giving you a clear
understanding of the nodes involved.
13.To access information about the selected node from the side panel, choose the Info icon in the
side-panel summary.

The node map includes a side panel that provides an overview of the selected configuration.
When a node is selected, the side panel displays its details, which update dynamically as you
switch between nodes. The default information is shown initially. The Info icon is displayed in
the side-panel summary as shown in the example.
14.To access information about the related lists for the selected node, choose the Related lists
icon in the side-panel summary.
For a selected node, the side panel shows its associated services and dependencies. For
example, if you select the "delay alerts process" node, the side panel displays its three
application services or dependencies. Switching to a different node, such as the root node,
updates the services and dependencies displayed in the side panel.

For the selected node, you can view its associated services and dependencies. The Refresh
option reloads the related lists to verify you have the most up-to-date information. Meanwhile,
the View all option displays all available related lists, providing a comprehensive overview.
15.To access information about the red flags for the selected node, choose the Red flags icon in
the side-panel summary.
The side panel also displays red flags, which indicate issues or outages related to the selected
node. When a node has a red flag, it’s marked as critical with an exclamation mark. For
instance, if there's an outage or issue with a node like "SMS alert" or "live status update," it’s
highlighted in red.
For the selected node, the following red flags are displayed:
◦Issues
◦High risks
◦Failed controls
◦Change requests
◦Tasks
◦Operational vulnerabilities
◦Incidents
◦Outages
◦Crisis events
◦Vulnerabilities
◦Third party risk assessments
16. Change the node configuration by modifying the Node Configuration setting in the Nexus map.
The example shows how to update the Node Configuration setting in the Nexus map.

The modified Node configuration is shown in the example.
17. To customize the Edge status configuration such as changing the color, modify the settings in
the Edge status configuration within the Nexus map configuration.
In the example, the node's edges are highlighted in magenta.
The example illustrates how to modify Edge status settings such as color and type.

When you save and reload the map, it reflects the updated edge configuration, displaying all
edges as dashed lines in blue as shown in the example.
To refresh the map, you can either return to the initial main node configuration or simply reload
it.
18. To update the zoom level of the map, adjust the percentage of the map in the Zoom level
window.
19.To zoom in or zoom out of the map, select "+" or "-" in the position menu bar.
The Zoom in icon is shown in the example.
20.To align the map to the home node, select the Home icon in the position menu bar.
The Home icon is shown in the example.

21. To resize the map or fit the node to the screen, select the Fit to screen icon in the position
menu bar.
The Fit to screen icon is shown in the example.
22.To export the map, select the Export map icon in the position menu bar.