### Fetching dependencies from the CMDB and BIA

The Export map icon is shown in the example.
Fetching dependencies from the CMDB and BIA
You can fetch the dependencies for the services or business services from CMDB in
Operational Resilience. Similarly, when the BCM applications are installed, the Operational
Resilience scheduled job also monitors for the changes in the business impact analysis (BIA)
dependencies and fetches the dependency updates.
Fetching the dependencies from CMDB for the services
Beginning with the Australia release, the Data Relationships Framework supports the Operational
Resilience application with the underlying framework to fetch the dependencies from CMDB.
The Data Relationships Framework (app-grc-relationship-config) is installed with the Operational
Resilience application by default. The CMDB dependencies are retrieved by calling an API from
the Data Relationships Framework.​
To get the CMDB dependencies, the Operational Resilience administrator must activate the main
node configuration, labeled as Service (CMDB) in the Data Relationships Framework first.​
For each retrieved dependency, the Operational Resilience application searches for an existing
entity first. If there is no existing entity, the dependency is skipped. If there is an existing entity
and the entity belongs to any entity type in Operational Resilience, it is added to the downstream
of its parent’s entity. If the entity does not belong to any entity type, such as Facilities/People/
Suppliers/Technology, you must add it manually to the corresponding entity type in Operational
Resilience.​
The following example shows a sample CMDB relationship setup for a business service. When
the service Windows mobile updates its dependencies, the entity of OWA-SD-01 gets
added to the downstream of its entity, IronMail-SD-01 and IronMail-SD-02 gets added
to the downstream of the Email child service entity.

| Business service | Associated dependency, business process, and business service: Email | Process and dependencies associated with business service: Email |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Windows mobile | •Dependency: OWA-SD-01 •Business process: Inbound payment validation •Business service: Email | •Process: Fraud_escalation •Dependency 1: IronMail- SD-01 (The table is cmdb_ci_email_server.) •Dependency 2: IronMail- SD-02 (The table is cmdb_ci_email_server.) |

Sample relationship setup for a business service
Associated dependency, Process and dependencies
Business service business process, and business associated with business
service: Email service: Email
Windows mobile
•Dependency: OWA-SD-01 •Process:
Fraud_escalation
•Business process:
Inbound payment •Dependency 1:
validation IronMail-
SD-01 (The table is
•Business service: Email
cmdb_ci_email_server.)
•Dependency 2:
IronMail-
SD-02 (The table is
cmdb_ci_email_server.)
Fetching the dependencies from the business impact analysis (BIA)
When the BCM applications are installed, Operational Resilience fetches the BIA's dependency
update if the BIA's Applies to field is a business process used in Operational Resilience.
The following conditions must be met for pulling the BIA dependencies in Operational
Resilience:
•The BIA has to be in the Approved state.
•The BIA should not be in the Expired state.
•The dependency group has to be completed.
Note: Only when the Applies to field of the BIA record matches with any business
process within the Business Processes Entity Type, its dependencies are fetched by the
scheduled job.
For each fetched dependency, the Operational Resilience application looks for an existing valid
entity first. If the dependency has an existing valid entity and the entity belongs to any entity type
in Operational Resilience, it is added to the downstream of its parent's entity.
To fetch the CMDB dependency updates or BIA dependency updates, the following conditions
are followed:
•If there is no entity for the dependency, it is skipped. Operational Resilience does not create
an entity for the dependency.
•If a dependency entity is inactive, it is ignored.
•If a dependency entity is active, but it has no pillar, it is ignored.
•If a dependency entity is active and has a pillar, but it does not belong to any Operational
Resilience entity type, it is ignored.
Adding the dependencies manually
If the entity does not belong to an entity type such as Facilities, People, Suppliers, Technology,
Operational Resilience users must add it to the corresponding entity type manually. Instead of
using the scheduled job, Operational Resilience administrators and managers can update the
dependencies manually.