### Certifying services using self-attestation

Certifying services using self-attestation
Certify the operational resilience status of your business services by completing the self-
attestation process in the Operational Resilience Workspace. Complete the self-assessment
questionnaire about the services, generate a self-attestation report, and upload the PDF so
that you can have a copy of the report for your records. You can perform self-attestation on the
selected business service and its child records.
Creating a self-attestation
To create a self-attestation in the Operational Resilience application, navigate to All >
Operational Resilience Workspace > All self attestations in an instance.
Use the self-attestation template supported by the Smart Assessment Engine to submit an
assessment on the services. The following example shows the self-attestation template in the
Operational Resilience Workspace.
Self-attestation template in Operational Resilience Workspace
Self-attestation tasks and the states related to each task
With the sn_oper_res.manager role, you can complete the following self-attestation tasks in
Operational Resilience Workspace:
1.Initiate a self-attestation to attest one or more business services.​
2. Select the assessment type as Smart Assessment.
3. Select the Operational Resilience Attestation Template as the attestation template.
4.Use the Default Self Attestation HTML Template as the PDF template for the self-attestation
in the self-attestation form. This template provides the format for the PDF and an option to
include your e-signature in the report. For instructions on configuring the attestation template,
see Create and edit the attestation template.
5. Add the services that you want to certify the status for in the self-attestation form. Respond
to the pre-defined set of questions in the assessment, such as the names and description of
the services, details on the scenario analysis of the important services, your approach for the
scenario analysis, and so on.
6.Submit the assessment and attest for the services.

| States | Associated UI actions | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Draft | Select New in the self- attestation form. | When you select New to submit a self-attestation for the services, a record is created in the Draft state by default. The information on the self-attestation is displayed on the Details tab in the self- attestation form. |
| Awaiting attestation | Select Attest in the self- attestation form. | When you select the services that you want to certify, you can choose the attestation template and select Attest to proceed with the attestation. The application then creates an assessment instance automatically on the Assessment Instances tab. This action moves the state of the self-attestation record to Awaiting attestation. Note: To proceed with the attestation process, you must associate at least one service with the self-attestation. |
| Cancelled | In the self-attestation form, select Cancel . | When the self-attestation record is in the Awaiting Attestation state, you can cancel an erroneous or invalid attestation by selecting Cancel in the self-attestation form. This is an optional step. The state of the self- attestation is then updated to Cancelled. |

7.Download a PDF of the self-attestation from the Activity section of the self-attestation form and
save a copy of the report for your records. For instructions on configuring the attestation PDF
template, see Create HTML and PDF document templates.​
8.Close the self-attestation so that the self-attestation process is complete.
As you complete the self-attestation tasks outlined in the self-attestation process, the associated
states are automatically updated in a predetermined sequence. The states and corresponding UI
actions for these tasks are detailed in the following table.
States and UI actions related to the self-attestation tasks
States Associated UI actions Description
Draft Select New in the self-
attestation form. When you select New to
submit a self-attestation
for the services, a record is
created in the Draft state by
default. The information on the
self-attestation is displayed
on the Details tab in the self-
attestation form.
Awaiting attestation Select Attest in the self-
attestation form. When you select the services
that you want to certify, you
can choose the attestation
template and select Attest to
proceed with the attestation.
The application then
creates an assessment
instance automatically on the
Assessment Instances tab.
This action moves the state of
the self-attestation record to
Awaiting attestation.
Note: To proceed with
the attestation process,
you must associate at
least one service with
the self-attestation.
Cancelled In the self-attestation form,
select Cancel . When the self-attestation
record is in the Awaiting
Attestation state, you can
cancel an erroneous or invalid
attestation by selecting
Cancel in the self-attestation
form. This is an optional
step. The state of the self-
attestation is then updated to
Cancelled.

| States | Associated UI actions | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Attestation received | In the attestation template, select Submit and select Save to complete the attestation process. Select Export to PDF to export the questionnaire response to a PDF. | When the self-attestation record is in the Awaiting attestation state, you can respond to the assessment questions that are given in the attestation template. To submit the responses, select Submit and then select Save to save the assessment. The state of the self-attestation is automatically updated to Attestation received. Select Export to PDF to export the questionnaire response to a PDF, sign the self-attestation, and save a copy for your records. You can download the PDF from the Activity section of the self-attestation form. |
| Closed | Select Close in the self- attestation form. | To close the attestation, select Close in the self-attestation form. The state of the self- attestation is then updated to Closed. |

States and UI actions related to the self-attestation tasks (continued)
States Associated UI actions Description
Attestation received
In the attestation template, When the self-attestation
select Submit and select Save record is in the Awaiting
to complete the attestation attestation state, you can
process. Select Export to PDF respond to the assessment
to export the questionnaire questions that are given in
response to a PDF. the attestation template. To
submit the responses, select
Submit and then select Save
to save the assessment. The
state of the self-attestation
is automatically updated to
Attestation received.
Select Export to PDF to export
the questionnaire response to
a PDF, sign the self-attestation,
and save a copy for your
records. You can download
the PDF from the Activity
section of the self-attestation
form.
Closed Select Close in the self-
attestation form. To close the attestation, select
Close in the self-attestation
form. The state of the self-
attestation is then updated to
Closed.
Note: Optionally, if the self-attestation contains invalid data and you're the owner of the
self-attestation, you can delete the self-attestation by selecting Delete in the self-attestation
form. The self-attestation is then deleted from the self-attestations list in Operational
Resilience Workspace.
Downloading the PDF of the self-attestation
As an owner of the self-attestation, you can download the PDF from the Activity section of
the self-attestation form. You can also share it offline with the auditors, external contacts, or
stakeholders.
Roles required to perform the self-attestation tasks
If you're a user of Operational Resilience Workspace, you can perform different self-attestation
tasks with the following roles:

•With the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can create and maintain the pre-defined assessment
questionnaire templates.
•With the sn_oper_res.manager role, you can complete the self-attestation of the operational
resilience profile of the services by selecting one or more services, by choosing the template
for the self-attestation, and by providing the answers to a pre-defined set of questions.
Note:
If you're the owner of the self-attestation with the Operational Resilience manager or the
Operational Resilience administrator role, you can create a self-attestation, update its
details, or delete the self-attestation.
As an Operational Resilience administrator, you can create and modify the assessment
questionnaire template. You must have the Operational Resilience manager role to
respond to the assessment questionnaire in the Operational Resilience application.
Reference information
For more information on submitting a self-attestation in Operational Resilience Workspace, see
Perform the self-attestation assessment.
For the description of the field values that are listed in the self-attestation form in the Operational
Resilience Workspace, see Create New Self attestation form.
As an optional task, when you have the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can create a customized
attestation template instead of using the default attestation template that is provided with the
base system. For more information on creating a customized attestation template, see Create
and edit the attestation template.
Perform the self-attestation assessment
Create an assessment for the self-attestation and certify the resilience status of services in the
Operational Resilience Workspace. Perform the self-attestation assessment using the Smart
Assessment template provided with the base system.
Before you begin
Role required: sn_oper_res.manager
Procedure
1.Navigate to Workspaces > Operational Resilience Workspace and select All self attestations
from the list view.
2. Select New.
You can create the self-attestation assessment in the Operational Resilience Workspace.
The Create New Self-attestation form is displayed.

| Choice | Description |
| --- | --- |

3. In the Name and Description fields, add the name and description for the self-attestation.
4.Choose the assessment type from the Assessment type field.
You can select the type of assessment as shown in the table.
Choice Description
Select the Smart Assessment method for per­
Select Smart assessment.
forming the self-attestation.
Select the Legacy assessment method for per­
forming the self-attestation.
Select Legacy assessment.
Select the Self-attestation Template in the As­
sessment template field.
5. To use the Legacy assessment, select the Operational Resilience Attestation Template
option.
The attestation template contains the pre-defined questions for the assessment. The
Operational Resilience application provides an attestation template as part of the base
system.
Note: If you have the sn_oper_res.admin role, you can customize the default attestation
template for your own business needs. For information on creating a customized
attestation template, see Create and edit the attestation template.
6.To use the Smart Assessment, select the default Self attestation assessment template
populated in the Smart assessment templates field.
The base version includes the default Self attestation assessment template, using the Smart
Assessment, with a pre-configured questionnaire. Operational Resilience administrators can
set up their own attestation templates in the Assessment Workspace and choose from various
data types to suit their needs.
Note: Before starting the self-attestation process, verify that Operational Resilience
administrator has set up and published the Self-attestation template in the Assessment
Workspace. If the Smart Assessment template for Self-attestation is not set up and
published in the Assessment Workspace, it will not be displayed for selection in the
Smart assessment templates field in the self-attestation form.

For information on setting up Smart Assessment templates, see Create and edit the attestation
template.
For information on Smart Assessment documentation, see Create a Smart Assessment
template and Create an assessment template.
When creating a template, ensure that you select Self attestation assessment as the purpose
from the Assessment templates list in the Assessment Workspace as shown in the example.
Note: Beginning with Operational Resilience Release 22.0.x, contributors can answer
questions, but only an assessor can submit the self-attestation assessment.
7.Select the Default Self Attestation HTML Template from the PDF Template field.
You can use the Default Self Attestation HTML Template to generate the PDF of the self-
attestation report.
Note: To access the PDF template option in the self-attestation form, ensure that the
Document Templates application is installed on your instance. The PDF template option
will only be visible if this application is available.
8.In the Signature field, select Attach image to attach the signature image for the self-
attestation.
The following informational message is displayed: Select the e-signature to be
embedded in the template.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Details tab |  |
| Number | Number of the self-attestation record. This field is auto-filled. |
| Name | Unique name for the self-attestation record. |
| Description | Helpful information about the self-attestation record. |

Note: You must select the supported file format, such as either the JPEG, PNG, BMP,
GIF, ICO, SVG format, for the signature image. If you select a file format that is not
supported, such as the Microsoft Word format, the following error message is displayed
on the screen: Selected file type is invalid. Valid field types:
JPEG, PNG, BMP, GIF, ICO, SVG.
If you want to delete an existing image and add a new image instead, you can use the Delete
icon in the Signature field and add another signature image.
9.In the Assignees panel, update the Owner field to select the owner of the self-attestation.
10.In the Milestones panel, add the due date for the self-attestation.
The following informational message is displayed on the screen: Next step: Save the
attestation details to proceed with the selection of services.
11. Select Save.
The self-attestation details are saved in the instance.
The self-attestation is created in the Draft state.
The Details tab is updated with the self-attestation information. The attestation details are
saved. You can define the scope of the self-attestation in the Scope tab.
12. In the Scope tab, select Add, select one or more services, and select Add again in the modal.
You can select the services to be certified in the self-attestation report.
Note: You must add at least one service to proceed with the self-attestation.
13.To send the attestation to the owner, select Attest in the form.
The self-attestation record moves to the Awaiting attestation state and an assessment is
created for it.
What to do next
Request responses on the assessment and then submit the self-attestation to the owner for the
certification. For more information, see Submit the self-attestation report.
Create New Self attestation form
If you're the owner of the self-attestation, use the Create New Self attestation form in Operational
Resilience Workspace to submit the self-attestation for the services.
Create New Self attestation form
For a description of the field values on the form, see the following table.
Create New Self attestation form
Field Description
Details tab
Number Number of the self-attestation record. This field is auto-filled.
Name Unique name for the self-attestation record.
Description Helpful information about the self-attestation record.
Attestation Default attestation template that is provided with the base system and that is
template used for creating the self-attestation. The base version includes the default Self

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | attestation assessment template, using the Smart Assessment, with a pre- configured questionnaire. |
| PDF template | Default PDF Template that is provided with the base system to export an attestation to a PDF. The name of the template is Default Self Attestation HTML Template. |
| Signature | Field to attach the signature image with the attestation. Select the e-signature that you can embed in the template. Note: You must select the supported file format, such as either the JPEG, PNG, BMP, GIF, ICO, SVG format, for the signature image. |
| Assignees panel |  |
| Owner | Label for the self-attestation record that is displayed in the UI. This field is auto- filled. |
| Milestones panel |  |
| Attestation due date | Date on which the attestation is due. |
| Attested date | Date and time when the attestation is certified. |
| Compose panel |  |
| Additional comments (Customer visible) | Extra comments for the self-attestation. This field is auto-filled. |
| Work notes (Private) | Work notes for the self-attestation. This field is auto-filled. |
| Activity | Activities that are associated with the self-attestation. |
| Attachments | Attachments that are available with the self-attestation, such as the PDF of the self-attestation. You can download, rename, or remove the PDF from the form. |
| Scope tab (This tab is displayed after you add a service to the attestation.) |  |
| Name | Name of the business service. |
| Owned by | Owner of the business service. |
| Business criticality | Business criticality of the service. |
| Assessment tab (This tab is displayed after you submit the attestation.) |  |
| Operational Resilience Attestation Template | Assessment questionnaire for the services. Note: If you're the owner of the attestation, you can view the assessment. You can fill in the responses to the questions and submit the assessment for the self-attestation. |

Create New Self attestation form (continued)
Field Description
attestation assessment template, using the Smart Assessment, with a pre-
configured questionnaire.
PDF Default PDF Template that is provided with the base system to export
template an attestation to a PDF. The name of the template is Default Self
Attestation HTML Template.
Signature Field to attach the signature image with the attestation. Select the e-signature
that you can embed in the template.
Note: You must select the supported file format, such as either the JPEG,
PNG, BMP, GIF, ICO, SVG format, for the signature image.
Assignees panel
Owner Label for the self-attestation record that is displayed in the UI. This field is auto-
filled.
Milestones panel
Attestation Date on which the attestation is due.
due date
Attested Date and time when the attestation is certified.
date
Compose panel
Additional Extra comments for the self-attestation. This field is auto-filled.
comments
(Customer
visible)
Work notes Work notes for the self-attestation. This field is auto-filled.
(Private)
Activity Activities that are associated with the self-attestation.
Attachments Attachments that are available with the self-attestation, such as the PDF of the
self-attestation. You can download, rename, or remove the PDF from the form.
Scope tab (This tab is displayed after you add a service to the attestation.)
Name Name of the business service.
Owned by Owner of the business service.
Business Business criticality of the service.
criticality
Assessment tab (This tab is displayed after you submit the attestation.)
Operational Assessment questionnaire for the services.
Resilience
Attestation Note: If you're the owner of the attestation, you can view the assessment.
Template You can fill in the responses to the questions and submit the assessment
for the self-attestation.