### Creating or adding an issue

For information on Microsoft Word templates and Template configurations, see Generating
Microsoft Word reports using Document designer.
The generation of Microsoft Word reports, required by the authorities for analysis in Digital
resilience incident reporting, is completed with this step.
6.Navigate to the attachment section of the record and view the report listed in the Activity
section.
The report is generated in Microsoft Word format and it is displayed in the Activity section of
the record.
7.Download the report in your ServiceNow instance or in the cloud (Microsoft Office 365).
You can save the generated reports of the action tasks in your ServiceNow instances or in the
cloud (Microsoft Office 365) for future references.
Creating or adding an issue
You can associate an issue with multiple objects such as controls, control objectives, risks, and
so on in Operational Resilience Workspace. You can add an existing issue or create an issue for
a business service or a scenario analysis in the Operational Resilience application.
Issues are used to capture the current problems or gaps that have been observed in the
application environment. You can also track a plan of action to remediate the gaps.
With the new issue architecture, you can associate an existing issue with the controls or risks.
You can also create an issue where you can now specify one or multiple controls, control
objectives, risks, risk statements, citations, and so on, that are impacted by the issue.
In Operational Resilience, you can add an existing issue or create an issue for a given business
service or a scenario analysis. A sample Issues tab for a business service is shown in the
following example.
Sample Issues tab for a business service
When you select New on the Issues tab to create an issue for a business service or a scenario
analysis, the Create New Issue form is displayed as shown in the following example.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Issue |  |
| Number | Number of the issue. This field is auto-filled. |
| Name | Name of the issue. |
| Issue source | Source of the issue, such as Business service or Scenario analysis. This field is auto-filled. |

Sample Create New Issue form
For the descriptions of the field values on the Create New Issue form, see Create New Issue form.
Create New Issue form
Use the Create New Issue form in Operational Resilience Workspace to add an issue to a
business service or a scenario analysis.
Create New Issue form
For a description of the field values, see the following table.
Create New Issue form
Field Description
Issue
Number Number of the issue. This field is auto-filled.
Name Name of the issue.
Issue source Source of the issue, such as Business service or Scenario analysis. This
field is auto-filled.
Issue type Source from where the issue was created. This field is auto-populated with
one of the following options based on how the issue is created:
•Control design effectiveness failure
•Control operative effectiveness failure
•Control does not meet requirement
•Control does not exist
•Non-compliance to a regulation
•Non-compliance to a policy
•Improvement or suggestion to an existing policy
•Recommendation for a new policy
•process optimization or improvement
•Observation
•Data breach

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •Fraud •Misstatement •Training •Documentation |
| Classification | Classification of the issue. This field is auto-populated with one of the following options: •Audit •Compliance •Operational Resilience •Risk •Vendor |
| Location | Location of the issue. |
| State | State of the issue. Available options are: •New •Analyze •Respond •Review •Closed Complete •Closed Incomplete |
| Substate | Substate of the issue. This field is auto-filled. |
| Priority | Priority of the issue. Available options are: •Critical •High •Moderate •Low •Planning |
| Issue rating | Rating of the issue. Available options are: •Very High •High •Moderate •Low •Very Low |

Create New Issue form (continued)
Field Description
•Fraud
•Misstatement
•Training
•Documentation
Classification Classification of the issue. This field is auto-populated with one of the
following options:
•Audit
•Compliance
•Operational Resilience
•Risk
•Vendor
Location Location of the issue.
State State of the issue. Available options are:
•New
•Analyze
•Respond
•Review
•Closed Complete
•Closed Incomplete
Substate Substate of the issue. This field is auto-filled.
Priority Priority of the issue. Available options are:
•Critical
•High
•Moderate
•Low
•Planning
Issue rating Rating of the issue. Available options are:
•Very High
•High
•Moderate
•Low
•Very Low

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Approver of the scenario analysis plan. |
| Assignment |  |
| Assignment group | Assignment group for the issue. For example, Application Development group. |
| Assigned to | User that the issue is assigned to. |
| Issue manager group | Manager group that the issue is assigned to. Available options are: •Compliance Managers •IT Risk Managers •Risk Managers |
| Issue manager | Manager that the issue is assigned to. |
| Watchlist | Users who are on the watchlist for the issue. |
| Schedule |  |
| Due date | Date when the issue is due. |
| Confirmed date | Confirmation date for the issue. This field is auto-filled. |
| Planned start date | Planned start date for the issue. |
| Planned end date | Planned end date for the issue. |
| Duration | Duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds. |
| Created | Date on which the issue is created. This field is auto-filled. |
| Closed | Date on which the issue is closed. |
| Actual start date | Actual start date for the issue. |
| Actual end date | Actual end date for the issue. |
| Actual duration | Actual duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds. |
| Issue grouping |  |
| Parent issue | Parent issue that is associated with the issue. |
| Issue group rule | Group rule for the issue. This field is auto-filled. |
| Action plan |  |
| Recommendation | Recommendation for the issue. |
| Action plan | Action plan for the issue. |
| Activity |  |
| Work notes | Work notes for the issue. |
| Additional comments | Additional comments for the issue. |

Create New Issue form (continued)
Field Description
Description
Approver of the scenario analysis plan.
Assignment
Assignment Assignment group for the issue. For example, Application Development
group group.
Assigned to User that the issue is assigned to.
Issue manager Manager group that the issue is assigned to. Available options are:
group
•Compliance Managers
•IT Risk Managers
•Risk Managers
Issue manager Manager that the issue is assigned to.
Watchlist Users who are on the watchlist for the issue.
Schedule
Due date Date when the issue is due.
Confirmed date Confirmation date for the issue. This field is auto-filled.
Planned start Planned start date for the issue.
date
Planned end date Planned end date for the issue.
Duration Duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
Created Date on which the issue is created. This field is auto-filled.
Closed Date on which the issue is closed.
Actual start date Actual start date for the issue.
Actual end date Actual end date for the issue.
Actual duration Actual duration for the issue in days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
Issue grouping
Parent issue Parent issue that is associated with the issue.
Issue group rule Group rule for the issue. This field is auto-filled.
Action plan
Recommendation Recommendation for the issue.
Action plan Action plan for the issue.
Activity
Work notes Work notes for the issue.
Additional Additional comments for the issue.
comments