### Resilience metrics

| Red flags | Table | Conditions | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | •impacted_area=profil OR impacted_area=profil •core_case.sys_class_ •core_case.active=tru | e e.applies_to name=sn_oper_res_vuln e |
| Third party risk assessments | [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_asse | sCsomnednitti]ons: •applies_to IN [core_company, sn_vdr_risk_asmt_ve •state IN [5, 8, 9] •risk_rating_valid_to > now •risk_rating = highestRiskRating •vendor = profile.applies_to (Note: This condition is different than the applies_to field in the [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_as table.) •engagement = profile.applies_to (Note: This condition is different than the applies_to field in the [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_as table.) | For all these assessments, staging records are created in the ndor_engagement] [sn_oper_res_tprm] table. sessment] sessment] |

Red flags calculation (continued)
Red flags Table Conditions Notes
•impacted_area=profile
OR
impacted_area=profile.applies_to
•core_case.sys_class_name=sn_oper_res_vulnerability
•core_case.active=true
Third party risk [sn_vdr_risk_asmt_assesCsomnednitti]ons: For all these
assessments assessments,
•applies_to IN
staging records
[core_company,
are created in the
sn_vdr_risk_asmt_vendor_engagement]
[sn_oper_res_tprm]
•state IN [5, 8, 9] table.
•risk_rating_valid_to
> now
•risk_rating =
highestRiskRating
•vendor =
profile.applies_to
(Note: This
condition is
different than
the applies_to
field in the
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt_assessment]
table.)
•engagement =
profile.applies_to
(Note: This
condition is
different than
the applies_to
field in the
[sn_vdr_risk_asmt_assessment]
table.)
Resilience metrics
You can view resilience metrics for services or business services, and pillars on the landing page
of the Operational Resilience Workspace.
Services, Business services, and Pillars overview
The landing page displays a summary of the resilience metrics for the services or business
services and pillars.

The landing page of the Operational Resilience Workspace displays the following tabs:
•Services overview tab—Displays an overview of the status of the services in your organization.
The Service (CMDB) Main node configuration fetches service-related data. Resilience
metrics for the services, including their operational status, completed activities, red flags, and
suggestions for improvements, are displayed on this tab. For information on the resilience
metric displayed on the Services overview tab, see Services overview tab.
•Business services overview tab—Displays the status of the business services in your
organization. The Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration sets up the business
services-related data. Resilience metrics for the business services, including their operational
status, completed activities, red flags, and suggestions for improvements, are displayed on this
tab. For information on the resilience metric displayed on the Business services overview tab,
see Business services overview tab.
•Pillars overview tab—Displays the status and metrics of the pillars in your organization. For
information on the resilience metric displayed on the Pillars overview tab, see Pillars overview
tab.
Existing customers typically use the Service (CMDB) Main node configuration, while new
customers use the OpRes with CSDM header Main node configuration. Depending on the setup
done by your administrator, either the Services overview or the Business services overview
tab, is shown on the landing page.
Administrators or UI Builder administrators can show or hide these tabs from the Workspace view
based on organizational needs. For information on how to display or hide either the Services
overview or Business services overview tab, see Show Business services overview tab in
Workspace view.
Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) integration
Starting with Operational Resilience, release 21.0.x, you can track third-party risk assessments
as red flags in the Operational Resilience reports and the overview pages for business services,
service offerings, and business processes.
TPRM risk assessments are integrated into Operational Resilience if they meet the following
conditions:
•The risk rating is Very High (using the overridden risk rating if applicable).
•The risk rating is valid beyond the current date.

| Type of reports | Required roles | Information | Contains |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | sn_oper_res.bcm_opre | s_Uasdemrsi nwith this role can create and delete both operational resilience activities and BCM activities. | •sn_oper_res.admin •sn_bcm.bcm_opres_ |
|  | sn_oper_res.bcm_opre | s_Umsearnsa wgiethr this role can create both operational resilience activities and BCM activities. | •sn_oper_res.manage •sn_bcm.bcm_opres_ |

•The state is one of the following: Generating observations, Responses received, or Finalizing
with third party.
•The risk assessment applies to either the Company or an engagement.
Opening a third-party risk assessment from Operational Resilience displays the same view as
when accessed directly from the Vendor Management Workspace.
To view Related lists and Red flags data in the Operational Resilience Workspace, you must have
appropriate user roles as explained in this section.
TPRM is not installed
If TPRM is not installed, Operational Resilience users cannot access risk red flags
without the IRM roles.
TPRM is installed
However, if TPRM is installed, Operational Resilience users can access both risk
red flags and Third-party Risk Management red flags because they are assigned
the TPRM viewer role. The TPRM viewer role includes risk viewer capabilities, thus
eliminating the need for IRM roles.
For information on the roles required to view the related lists and red flags data, see the "Roles to
view related lists and Red flags data" table in the Create Service form page.
Displaying reports for different user roles
Separate reports are displayed in the Operational Resilience Workspace landing page for BCM
Professional and IRM Professional users.
Enhanced roles for accessing the reports
The roles installed with Operational Resilience now contain the relationship for BCM
Professional and IRM Professional users.
All Operational Resilience users can access general reports on the landing page.
The roles required to access the BCM and IRM reports in the Operational Resilience Workspace
are explained in the following table.
Roles to access the reports
Type of reports Required roles Information Contains
BCM reports sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_Uasdemrsi nwith this role
•sn_oper_res.admin
can create and delete
both operational •sn_bcm.bcm_opres_manager
resilience activities
and BCM activities.
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_Umsearnsa wgiethr this role
•sn_oper_res.manager
can create both
operational resilience •sn_bcm.bcm_opres_user
activities and BCM
activities.
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_Uusseersr with this role
•sn_oper_res.user
can participate in both
operational resilience •sn_bcm.viewer