### Business services overview tab

| Type of reports | Required roles | Information | Contains |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | activities and BCM activities. |  |
| IRM reports | sn_oper_res.irm_opres | _aUdsmerisn with this role can create and delete both operational resilience activities and IRM activities. | •sn_oper_res.admin •sn_bcm.irm_opres_m |
|  | sn_oper_res.irm_opres | _mUsaenrasg weirth this role can create both operational resilience activities and IRM activities. | •sn_oper_res.manage •sn_bcm.irm_opres_u |
|  | sn_oper_res.irm_opres | _uUsseerrs with this role can participate in both operational resilience activities and IRM activities. | •sn_oper_res.user •sn_compliance.reade •sn_risk.reader |

Roles to access the reports (continued)
Type of reports Required roles Information Contains
activities and BCM
activities.
IRM reports sn_oper_res.irm_opres_aUdsmerisn with this role
•sn_oper_res.admin
can create and delete
both operational •sn_bcm.irm_opres_manager
resilience activities
and IRM activities.
sn_oper_res.irm_opres_mUsaenrasg weirth this role
•sn_oper_res.manager
can create both
operational resilience •sn_bcm.irm_opres_user
activities and IRM
activities.
sn_oper_res.irm_opres_uUsseerrs with this role
•sn_oper_res.user
can participate in both
operational resilience •sn_compliance.reader
activities and IRM
•sn_risk.reader
activities.
Business services overview tab
The Business services overview tab in the Operational Resilience Workspace provides a
comprehensive summary of active business services, highlighting any red flags or urgent issues,
status of resilience activities like assessments, scenario analysis, self-attestations. It also offers
suggestions for mitigating top risks or vulnerabilities and strengthening top controls.
Business services overview section on the landing page
Existing customers typically use the Service (CMDB) Main node configuration, while new
customers use the Opres with CSDM header Main node configuration. Administrators show
the Business services overview tab and hide the Services overview tab from the Operational
Resilience Workspace view based on your organizational needs.

Summarized report on the business services
The Business services report on the Business services overview tab provides a quick summary
with precise metrics on the types of business services and their current status.
•Active business services
•Business services by number of red flags
•Business services by importance
•Business services by impact tolerance
Report on the red flags
The Red flags report on the Business services overview tab shows the total number of red flags
that require immediate attention for the associated assets, controls, issues, and risks related to
the selected business service. It breaks down details of the red flags based on the integrations
with the Operational Resilience application. For example, if you have installed the Policy and
Compliance Management application, business services data for the failed controls is pulled
from that application and displayed in this report.
A sample Red flags report for the business services is shown in the example.

| Title | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Business services |  |

The following data is displayed for the business services in the report:
•Total red flags: Number of total red flags for the business services is shown in this report. You
can select the count in the report and view the actual status of the business services.
•Red flags by type: The counts for incidents, outages, change requests, operational
vulnerabilities, risks, failed controls, and issues are updated on the service's overview page.
Selecting the count takes you to a detailed red flags table. Depending on the applications
integrated with Operational Resilience, business services data is pulled from them and
displayed in the report as shown in the following example.
◦Issues
◦Failed controls
◦Risks
◦Outages
◦Incidents
◦Change requests
◦Operational vulnerabilities
◦Crisis events
◦Vulnerabilities
Note:
As an administrator, you can navigate to System properties > All properties in your
instance and configure the sn_oper_res.red_flags_exclusion property for the
red flags section.
By default, the services tasks, Business Continuity Management plan, and dependencies
are excluded from the display list in the Red flags section.
•Assets impacted by red flags: Assets with red flags that are categorized by the pillar are shown.
Tables associated with the Business services overview tab
The following table lists all the tables that are associated with each section of the Business
services overview tab report.
Tables associated with the Business services overview tab and the reports
Title Description
Business services

| Title | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Active business services | Number of critical business services delivered to your customers. Source table for this report: Entity to entity type [sn_grc_m2m_profile_profile_type] |
| Business services by number of red flags | Description for business services by number of red flags. Source table for this report: Service summary [sn_oper_res_service_summary] |
| Business services by importance | Description for business services by importance. Source table for this report: Service related OpRes info [sn_oper_res_service_related_info] |
| Business services by impact tolerance | Description for business services by impact tolerance. Source table for this report: Service related OpRes info [sn_oper_res_service_related_info] |
| Red flags |  |
| Total red flags | Total red flags count for the affected business service. |

Tables associated with the Business services overview tab and the reports (continued)
Title Description
Active business services Number of critical business services delivered
to your customers.
Source table for this report: Entity to entity
type [sn_grc_m2m_profile_profile_type]
Business services by number of red flags Description for business services by number
of red flags.
Source table for this report: Service summary
[sn_oper_res_service_summary]
Business services by importance Description for business services by
importance.
Source table for this report:
Service related OpRes info
[sn_oper_res_service_related_info]
Business services by impact tolerance Description for business services by impact
tolerance.
Source table for this report:
Service related OpRes info
[sn_oper_res_service_related_info]
Red flags
Total red flags Total red flags count for the affected business
service.
Red flags by type Red flags by type.
Source table for issues: Issue
[sn_oper_res_issue]
Source table for failed controls: Failed
Controls [sn_oper_res_failed_control]
Source table for risks: Risks [sn_oper_res_risk]
Source table for outages: Outages
[sn_oper_res_critical_service_outage]
Source table for incidents: Incidents
[sn_oper_res_incident]
Source table for change requests: Change
requests [sn_oper_res_change_request]
Source table for Operational
vulnerabilities: Operational vulnerabilities
[sn_oper_res_vulnerability_profile]
Source table for Crisis events: Crisis events
[sn_oper_res_bcm_plan]

| Title | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Source table for vulnerabilities: Vulnerabilities [sn_oper_res_vul_profile] |
| Assets impacted by red flags | Assets that are impacted by the red flags shown for the pillars. For assets associated with the Process pillar are affected and shown in the red flags report. The source table is Assets impacted by red flags [sn_oper_res_service_process_pillar] |
| Activities |  |
| Tasks | Tasks associated with the services. |
| Importance and impact assessments | Importance and impact assessments associated with the services. Source table is Importance and impact tolerance assessment [sn_oper_res_importance_impact_tolerance_as |
| Scenario analysis | Scenario analysis associated with the services. Source table is Scenario analysis [sn_oper_res_scenario_analysis] |
| Self attestations | Self-attestations associated with the services. Source table is Self attestations [sn_oper_res_self_attestation] |
| Suggestions |  |
| Top Controls to be Strengthened | Failing controls that impact the most critical services. Source table for this report: Services with failed controls [sn_oper_res_failed_control] |
| Top Risks to be Mitigated | Top risks threatening your organization compared with your impacted services. This report can be useful for determining where to start your mitigation efforts and in what areas you should devote the most resources around implementing controls. Source table for this report: Services with high risks [sn_oper_res_risk] |
| Top vulnerabilities to be fixed | Top vulnerabilities to be fixed for the services. Source table for this report: Services with operational vulnerabilities [sn_oper_res_vulnerability_profile] |

Tables associated with the Business services overview tab and the reports (continued)
Title Description
Source table for vulnerabilities: Vulnerabilities
[sn_oper_res_vul_profile]
Assets impacted by red flags Assets that are impacted by the red flags
shown for the pillars. For assets associated
with the Process pillar are affected and
shown in the red flags report. The source
table is Assets impacted by red flags
[sn_oper_res_service_process_pillar]
Activities
Tasks Tasks associated with the services.
Importance and impact assessments Importance and impact assessments
associated with the services. Source table is
Importance and impact tolerance assessment
[sn_oper_res_importance_impact_tolerance_assessment]
Scenario analysis Scenario analysis associated with the
services. Source table is Scenario analysis
[sn_oper_res_scenario_analysis]
Self attestations Self-attestations associated with the
services. Source table is Self attestations
[sn_oper_res_self_attestation]
Suggestions
Top Controls to be Strengthened Failing controls that impact the most critical
services.
Source table for this report: Services with
failed controls [sn_oper_res_failed_control]
Top Risks to be Mitigated Top risks threatening your organization
compared with your impacted services. This
report can be useful for determining where to
start your mitigation efforts and in what areas
you should devote the most resources around
implementing controls.
Source table for this report: Services with high
risks [sn_oper_res_risk]
Top vulnerabilities to be fixed Top vulnerabilities to be fixed for the
services. Source table for this report:
Services with operational vulnerabilities
[sn_oper_res_vulnerability_profile]
Report on the Operational Resilience activities
The Activities report on the Business services overview tab displays tasks and status for the
following Operational Resilience activities for the business services.