### Task page and List view

Depending on the applications integrated with Operational Resilience, suggestions are
displayed in the report. For example, if you have installed the Policy and Compliance
Management, Risk Management, and Vulnerability Response applications, the following
suggestions are displayed in the report.
•Top controls to be strengthened
•Top risks to be mitigated
•Top vulnerabilities to be fixed
For more information on the pillars in Operational Resilience, see Exploring Operational
Resilience.
Task page and List view
The Tasks page in Operational Resilience Workspace provides a single-pane view of your
pending tasks, your group's tasks, and the tasks that are on your watchlist. You can also update
the tasks directly from the dashboard. On the List page, you can configure your operational
resilience tasks.
Tabs in the Tasks page
The Tasks page in Operational Resilience Workspace displays the following tabs:
•My pending tasks
•My items
•Watchlist
A sample Tasks page for a logged-in user is shown in the following example.
Tasks page
My pending tasks
The My pending tasks tab displays an overview of the pending tasks that are assigned to you
and the tasks that require an action from you.
Note: The data displayed in the Tasks page is based on the roles of the users.

The My pending tasks tab displays your pending tasks in different states. You can filter your
pending tasks by using the following types of the states:
•All
•Draft/New
•In progress
•Needs my approval
•Needs my review
•Overdue
•Pending response
The following example shows the pending tasks for the signed-in user.
My pending tasks
My items
The My items tab displays a list of the tasks that are assigned to the signed-in user, such as the
Operational Resilience Manager as shown in the following example.
My items
Watchlist
The Watchlist tab displays a list of the tasks that are on your watchlist. When a task is approved
or completed, you receive a notification on the tab. The following example shows the updates on
the assessments tasks that are on the signed-in user's watchlist.