### Roles installed with Operational Resilience

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| glide.ui.sn_oper_res_scenario_analysis_activity.fields | Scenario Analysis activity formatter fields. Type: string Value: state, assigned_to, plan_approver, result_approver, work_notes, comments, Attachments |

| Note: For more information on roles and FAQs, see | KB0555605 |  | . |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

| Role name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Operational Resilience administrator [sn_oper_res.admin] | The Operational Resilience administrator is responsible for: •Configuring scenarios •Setting up entity types, entity filters, and reporting pillars based on dashboard requests from the business teams. •Customizing reports on the Operational Resilience dashboard. The Operational Resilience administrator should have the ITIL role to add the CMDB relationship between the service and the process. The Operational Resilience administrator role contains the following roles: •sn_grc.admin •sn_oper_res.manager •Contains sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_admin, who inherits the ability to set up the vulnerability type, state models, vulnerability assessment templates, and document templates. |

Property Description
glide.ui.sn_oper_res_scenario_analysis_activity.fields
Scenario Analysis activity formatter fields.
Type: string
Value: state, assigned_to, plan_approver, result_approver, work_notes, comments, Attachments
Roles installed with Operational Resilience
Several types of roles are installed with the Operational Resilience application.
Roles that are installed with Operational Resilience
Note: For more information on roles and FAQs, see KB0555605 .
Roles installed with Operational Resilience
Role name Description
Operational Resilience administrator The Operational Resilience administrator is
responsible for:
[sn_oper_res.admin]
•Configuring scenarios
•Setting up entity types, entity filters, and
reporting pillars based on dashboard
requests from the business teams.
•Customizing reports on the Operational
Resilience dashboard.
The Operational Resilience administrator
should have the ITIL role to add the CMDB
relationship between the service and the
process.
The Operational Resilience administrator role
contains the following roles:
•sn_grc.admin
•sn_oper_res.manager
•Contains
sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_admin, who
inherits the ability to set up the vulnerability
type, state models, vulnerability assessment
templates, and document templates.
Operational Resilience Manager The Operational Resilience Manager is
responsible for:
[sn_oper_res.manager]
•Ensuring operational resilience in the
organization using the dashboards and
reports
•Reviewing reports on the Operational
Resilience dashboard, as well as supporting
data.

| Role name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | The Operational Resilience Manager role contains the following roles: •sn_grc.manager •sn_compliance.reader •sn_oper_res.user •sn_risk.reader •Contains sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_manager, who inherits the ability to submit operational vulnerability (A type of case). |
| Operational Resilience User [sn_oper_res.user] | The Operational Resilience User is responsible for: •Reviewing reports on the Operational Resilience dashboard, as well as supporting data. •Completing impact tolerance and test plans for individuals assigned to the service impact analysis. The Operational Resilience User can access the Vulnerability Response data. The Operational Resilience User role contains the following roles: •sn_incident.read •sn_grc.reader •task_editor •Contains sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_business_user, who can be assigned tasks or issues in the operational vulnerability. |
| sn_oper_res.operational_resilience_business_u | ser Submits "Report operational vulnerability" from the employee center from: instancename/esc? id=emp_taxonomy_topic&topic_id=14aedd93a3 |
| BCM and Operational Resilience Administrator [sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_admin] | The BCM and Operational Resilience Administrator role contains the following roles: •sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_manager •sn_oper_res.admin |

Roles installed with Operational Resilience (continued)
Role name Description
The Operational Resilience Manager role
contains the following roles:
•sn_grc.manager
•sn_compliance.reader
•sn_oper_res.user
•sn_risk.reader
•Contains
sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_manager, who
inherits the ability to submit operational
vulnerability (A type of case).
Operational Resilience User The Operational Resilience User is
responsible for:
[sn_oper_res.user]
•Reviewing reports on the Operational
Resilience dashboard, as well as supporting
data.
•Completing impact tolerance and test plans
for individuals assigned to the service
impact analysis.
The Operational Resilience User can access
the Vulnerability Response data.
The Operational Resilience User role contains
the following roles:
•sn_incident.read
•sn_grc.reader
•task_editor
•Contains
sn_grc_case_mgmt.grc_case_business_user,
who can be assigned tasks or issues in the
operational vulnerability.
sn_oper_res.operational_resilience_business_user
Submits "Report operational
vulnerability" from the employee
center from: instancename/esc?
id=emp_taxonomy_topic&topic_id=14aedd93a314121051b1ab18951e6150&in_context=true
BCM and Operational Resilience The BCM and Operational Resilience
Administrator [sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_admin] Administrator role contains the following roles:
•sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_manager
•sn_oper_res.admin
BCM and Operational Resilience Manager The BCM and Operational Resilience Manager
[sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_manager] role contains the following roles:

| Role name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | •sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user •sn_oper_res.manager |
| BCM and Operational Resilience User [sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user] | The BCM and Operational Resilience User role has the following permissions: •Can read the BCM UIB Workspace. •Cannot access the IRM reports or data. The BCM and Operational Resilience User role contains the following roles: •sn_bcm.viewer •sn_oper_res.user |
| IRM Operational Resilience User [sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user] | The Integrated Risk Management (IRM) Operational Resilience User role cannot access the BCM reports and data. It contains: •sn_grc.reader •sn_oper_res.user The following user roles are contained only when policy and compliance management and risk management are installed: •sn_compliance.reader •sn_risk.reader |
| IRM Operational Resilience Administrator [sn_oper_res.irm_opres_admin] | The IRM Operational Resilience Administrator role contains the following roles: •sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manager •sn_oper_res.admin |
| IRM Operational Resilience Manager [sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manager] | The IRM Operational Resilience Manager role contains the following roles: •sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user •sn_oper_res.manager |

| Roles | Family | Comments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| sn_oper_res.admin | IRM | None |

Roles installed with Operational Resilience (continued)
Role name Description
•sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user
•sn_oper_res.manager
BCM and Operational Resilience User The BCM and Operational Resilience User role
[sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user] has the following permissions:
•Can read the BCM UIB Workspace.
•Cannot access the IRM reports or data.
The BCM and Operational Resilience User role
contains the following roles:
•sn_bcm.viewer
•sn_oper_res.user
IRM Operational Resilience User
[sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user] The Integrated Risk Management (IRM)
Operational Resilience User role cannot
access the BCM reports and data. It contains:
•sn_grc.reader
•sn_oper_res.user
The following user roles are contained only
when policy and compliance management
and risk management are installed:
•sn_compliance.reader
•sn_risk.reader
IRM Operational Resilience Administrator The IRM Operational Resilience Administrator
[sn_oper_res.irm_opres_admin] role contains the following roles:
•sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manager
•sn_oper_res.admin
IRM Operational Resilience Manager The IRM Operational Resilience Manager role
[sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manager] contains the following roles:
•sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user
•sn_oper_res.manager
Model types when Lite Apps are installed
Roles Family Comments
sn_oper_res.admin IRM None
sn_oper_res.manager IRM None

| Roles | Family | Comments |
| --- | --- | --- |
| sn_oper_res.user | IRM | The sn_oper_res.user role is required to access Vulnerability profile records. |
| New roles introduced |  |  |
| sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_admin | BCM | The sn_bcm.viewer role is required to access the BCM Configurable Workspace.​ A user with the sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user + role can access both Operational Resilience Workspace and BCM Configurable Workspace. |
| sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_mana | geBrCM |  |
| sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user | BCM |  |
| sn_oper_res.irm_opres_admin | IRM | A user with the sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user + role can access the Operational Resilience Workspace, but cannot access the Compliance Workspace and Risk Workspace. Extra roles are needed to access the Compliance Workspace and Risk Workspace. |
| sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manag | erIRM |  |
| sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user | IRM |  |

Model types when Lite Apps are installed (continued)
Roles Family Comments
sn_oper_res.user IRM The sn_oper_res.user
role is required to access
Vulnerability profile records.
New roles introduced
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_admin BCM
The sn_bcm.viewer role is
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_manageBrCM
required to access the BCM
Configurable Workspace.​
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user BCM
A user with the
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user
+ role can access both
Operational Resilience
Workspace and BCM
Configurable Workspace.
sn_oper_res.irm_opres_admin IRM
A user with the
sn_oper_res.irm_opres_managerIRM
sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user
+ role can access the
sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user IRM
Operational Resilience
Workspace, but cannot
access the Compliance
Workspace and Risk
Workspace.
Extra roles are needed to
access the Compliance
Workspace and Risk
Workspace.
Roles created for BCM Professional and IRM Professional
•The following roles are created for the BCM Professional users:
Note: When the app-grc-bcm-lite applications are not installed, the users with these
roles are counted as operators.
◦sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_admin
◦sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_manager
◦sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user
•The following roles are created for the IRM Professional users:
Note: When the app-grc-bcm-lite applications are not installed, the users with these
roles are counted as operators.

◦sn_oper_res.irm_opres_admin
◦sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manager
◦sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user​
•When the following Lite applications are installed, the users with the
sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user, sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user, or sn_oper_res.user roles are
counted as Lite operators.
◦BCM Lite application: app-grc-bcm-lite (Plugin id: com.snc.app_grc_bcm_lite)​
◦IRM Lite application: app-grc-business-user-lite (Plugin id: com.sn_grc_lite)​
•The sn_oper_res.admin, sn_oper_res.manager, and sn_oper_res.user roles are included in
IRM.
Note: Starting with Operational Resilience, version 22.3.1, the sn_grc.reader,
sn_grc.manager, and sn_grc.admin roles require the IRM Professional plugins and are no
longer granted through BCM Professional. If you previously accessed these roles through
BCM Professional, you can use them only after the IRM Professional plugins are installed.
Roles required for accessing the Workspaces
A user with one of the following roles can access the Operational Resilience Workspace and
BCM Configurable Workspace:
•sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_user​
•sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_manager​
•sn_oper_res.bcm_opres_admin
A user with any following role can access the Operational Resilience Workspace:
•sn_oper_res.irm_opres_user
•sn_oper_res.irm_opres_manager
•sn_oper_res.irm_opres_admin
A user with one of the following roles can access the Risk Workspace:
•sn_risk_workspace.business_op_risk_manager​
•sn_risk_workspace.IT_risk_manager​
•sn_risk_workspace.operational_risk_manager​
A user with one of the following roles can access the Compliance Workspace:
•sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_analyst​
•sn_compliance_ws.corporate_compliance_manager​
•sn_compliance_ws.it_compliance_manager​
Roles used for reporting the incidents
The following roles are used for reporting incidents in the Digital resilience incident reporting
module.