### Script includes installed with Operational Resilience

| Scheduled job | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Update CSDM and other dependencies | Scheduled job that gathers data from different applications including such as GRC: Advanced Risk, GRC: Risk Management, and GRC: Policy and Compliance Management, BCM, CMDB, and Vulnerability Response to calculate supporting data for various reports. The scheduled job runs once a day and removes all the data from the previous day before creating new supporting data for the reports. The job uses different conditions to retrieve the data from different sources and saves it to the Operational Resilience staging tables. Updates CSDM and other dependencies. It is configured to run weekly at midnight local time. |
| Calculate red flags for CSDM and dependencies | Calculates the red flags for the CSDM and its dependencies. It is configured to run daily at 3:00 AM local time to refresh the red flags. |

| Script Name | Description | Process step used |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Add to related area after insert | Script include |  |
| Build scratchpad values | Script include |  |
| Cancel vulnerability notification | Script include |  |
| Delete relevant records after deletion | Script include |  |

Scheduled jobs installed with the Operational Resilience application
The following scheduled jobs are installed with the Operational Resilience application:
Scheduled jobs installed with Operational Resilience
Scheduled job Description
Update CSDM and other
dependencies Scheduled job that gathers data from
different applications including such as GRC:
Advanced Risk, GRC: Risk Management, and
GRC: Policy and Compliance Management,
BCM, CMDB, and Vulnerability Response to
calculate supporting data for various reports.
The scheduled job runs once a day and
removes all the data from the previous day
before creating new supporting data for the
reports. The job uses different conditions to
retrieve the data from different sources and
saves it to the Operational Resilience staging
tables.
Updates CSDM and other dependencies. It
is configured to run weekly at midnight local
time.
Calculate red flags for CSDM Calculates the red flags for the CSDM and its
and dependencies dependencies. It is configured to run daily at
3:00 AM local time to refresh the red flags.
Note: Beginning with Operational Resilience release 22.x.x, the Calculate red
flags for CSDM and dependencies and Update CSDM and other
dependencies scheduled jobs are deactivated by default for new installations. For
existing installations, these jobs retain their current state (active or inactive).
Script includes installed with Operational Resilience
When you download the Operational Resilience application, several Script includes are added to
your instance.
Script includes and other references installed
Script includes, Client scripts, Catalog Client scripts, Events, Event script actions
Script Name Description Process step used
Add to related area after insert Script include
Build scratchpad values Script include
Cancel vulnerability Script include
notification
Delete relevant records after Script include
deletion

| Script Name | Description | Process step used |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Update relevant records after update | Script include |  |
|  |  |  |
| Show Opres tables only upon loading | Client script | Load options for the source field on operational vulnerability |
| Hide activity journal in workspace | Client script | Hide activity journal on operational vulnerability |
| Validate due date | Client script | Validate due date when submitting operational vulnerability |
| Disable attachments if inactive | Client script | Disable attachments if inactive when loading the operational vulnerability |
| Synch source to source table | Client script | Change the source table, when the source is changed on operational vulnerability |
| Hide or show related lists | Client script | Hide or show related lists in terms of the installation of the integrated apps. |
|  |  |  |
| Make type read-only for operational vulnerability | Catalog UI Policy |  |
| Validate date of occurrence | Catalog Client script |  |
| Show/Hide fields when source changes | Catalog Client script |  |
| Validate date of discovery | Catalog Client script |  |
| Show Opres tables only upon loading | Catalog Client script |  |
| Synch source to source table | Catalog Client script |  |
|  |  |  |
| VulnerabilityUtils VulnerabilityUtilsBase | Script include | Used for the operational vulnerability. |
| OperationalResilienceEntitiesLi OperationalResilienceEntitiesLi | Script include sts stsBase | Used for the roll up of the red flags, CSDM, and dependencies. |
| OpResLogger | Script include | Used for logging. |

Script includes, Client scripts, Catalog Client scripts, Events, Event script actions
(continued)
Script Name Description Process step used
Update relevant records after Script include
update
Show Opres tables only upon Client script Load options for the
loading source field on operational
vulnerability
Hide activity journal in Client script Hide activity journal on
workspace operational vulnerability
Validate due date Client script Validate due date when
submitting operational
vulnerability
Disable attachments if Client script Disable attachments if
inactive inactive when loading the
operational vulnerability
Synch source to source table Client script Change the source table,
when the source is changed
on operational vulnerability
Hide or show related lists Client script Hide or show related lists in
terms of the installation of the
integrated apps.
Make type read-only for Catalog UI Policy
operational vulnerability
Validate date of occurrence Catalog Client script
Show/Hide fields when source Catalog Client script
changes
Validate date of discovery Catalog Client script
Show Opres tables only upon Catalog Client script
loading
Synch source to source table Catalog Client script
Script include Used for the operational
VulnerabilityUtils vulnerability.
VulnerabilityUtilsBase
Script include Used for the roll up of
OperationalResilienceEntitiesLists the red flags, CSDM, and
dependencies.
OperationalResilienceEntitiesListsBase
OpResLogger Script include Used for logging.
Script include Contains the utility functions
OperationalResilienceComputation that are being used to fetch
the data from different places
OperationalResilienceComputationBase
in Operational Resilience

| Script Name | Description | Process step used |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  |  | and also to fetch all the issues that are related to a business service's entity or configuration item (CI). Used for updating the CSDM, dependencies, and their red flags. |
| OperResBusinessServiceUtil OperResBusinessServiceUtilBa | Script include se | Contains the utility functions for the related lists in the business service form. Utility classes used for service and business service. |
| OpResAssessmentUtils OpResAssessmentUtilsBase | Script include | Used for importance and impact duration assessment. |
| OpResRedFlags OpResRedFlagsBase | Script include | Used to calculate red flags. |
| OperResUtils OperResUtilsBase | Script include | Utility class used for Operational Resilience. |
| OperationalResilienceConstant | sScript include | Contains the constants that are required in different places in the application. Used to define constants. |
| OperationalResilienceAjax​ | Script include | Client callable script include that handles the interaction between the client side and the service side. AJAX utilities for Operational Resilience. |
|  |  |  |
| sn_oper_res.businessservice_d | eEpveenndtencies | Event to trigger the updating of business service dependencies |
| sn_oper_res.businessprocess_ | dEevpeenntdencies | Event to trigger the updating of business process dependencies |
| sn_oper_res.serviceoffering_de | pEevnednetncies | Event to trigger the updating of service offering dependencies |
| sn_oper_res.compliance_comp | _Ejovbe_netrr | Event to trigger the logging. |
| sn_oper_res.set_entity_type_pil | laErvent | Event to trigger adding pillar to the entities. |

Script includes, Client scripts, Catalog Client scripts, Events, Event script actions
(continued)
Script Name Description Process step used
and also to fetch all the
issues that are related to
a business service's entity
or configuration item (CI).
Used for updating the CSDM,
dependencies, and their red
flags.
Script include Contains the utility functions
OperResBusinessServiceUtil for the related lists in the
business service form. Utility
OperResBusinessServiceUtilBase
classes used for service and
business service.
Script include Used for importance and
OpResAssessmentUtils impact duration assessment.
OpResAssessmentUtilsBase
Script include Used to calculate red flags.
OpResRedFlags
OpResRedFlagsBase
Script include Utility class used for
OperResUtils Operational Resilience.
OperResUtilsBase
OperationalResilienceConstantsScript include Contains the constants that
are required in different places
in the application. Used to
define constants.
OperationalResilienceAjax​ Script include Client callable script include
that handles the interaction
between the client side and
the service side. AJAX utilities
for Operational Resilience.
sn_oper_res.businessservice_deEpveenndtencies Event to trigger the updating
of business service
dependencies
sn_oper_res.businessprocess_dEevpeenntdencies Event to trigger the updating
of business process
dependencies
sn_oper_res.serviceoffering_depEevnednetncies Event to trigger the
updating of service offering
dependencies
sn_oper_res.compliance_comp_Ejovbe_netrr Event to trigger the logging.
sn_oper_res.set_entity_type_pillaErvent Event to trigger adding pillar to
the entities.