### Digital resilience incident reporting reference

| Table label | Name | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Legal entity | [sn_dora_accel_entity] | Stores the legal entity records for DORA regulation requirement. |
| Entity making use of the ICT services | [sn_dora_accel_entity_using_se | rvSitcoer]es info about the entity making use of the ICT services. |
| Function | [sn_dora_accel_function] | Stores the function records for DORA regulation requirement. |
| ICT service supply chain | [sn_dora_accel_ict_service_sup | pSlyt_ocrehsa itnh]e ICT service supply chain records for DORA regulation requirement. |
| Entity signing contract to provide services | [sn_dora_accel_m2m_entity_pro | vSidtoinregs_ stheerv eicneti]ty signing contract to provide services |
| Entity signing contract to use services | [sn_dora_accel_m2m_entity_sig | nSintogr_ecso tnhtera ecnt]tity signing contract to use services |
| Entity making use of services | [sn_dora_accel_m2m_entity_usi | nSgt_osreersv tihcee] entity making use of services |
| Intra-group contractual arrangements | [sn_dora_accel_m2m_intra_gro | upS_tocroenst rtahcet ]intra-group contractual arrangements |
| Third-party engagement signing contract to provide services | [sn_dora_accel_m2m_third_part | yS_teonregsa gtheem tehnirtd_-ppraorvtiyd ing_serv engagement signing contract to provide services |
| Third party signing contract to provide services | [sn_dora_accel_m2m_third_part | yS_tporroevsi dthineg t_hsiredr vpicaert]y signing contract to provide services |
| Excel download/upload request | [sn_dora_accel_report] | Stores the Excel download/ upload request records for DORA regulation requirement. |
| ICT third-party service provider | [sn_dora_accel_third_party] | Stores the ICT third-party service provider records for DORA regulation requirement. |
| ICT third-party engagement service provider | [sn_dora_accel_third_party_eng | aSgteomreesn tth]e ICT third-party engagement service provider records for DORA regulation requirement. |

Table installed with Digital resilience third-party registers (continued)
Table label Name Description
Legal entity [sn_dora_accel_entity] Stores the legal entity
records for DORA regulation
requirement.
Entity making use of the ICT [sn_dora_accel_entity_using_servSitcoer]es info about the entity
services making use of the ICT
services.
Function [sn_dora_accel_function] Stores the function records
for DORA regulation
requirement.
ICT service supply chain [sn_dora_accel_ict_service_suppSlyt_ocrehsa itnh]e ICT service
supply chain records
for DORA regulation
requirement.
Entity signing contract to [sn_dora_accel_m2m_entity_provSidtoinregs_ stheerv eicneti]ty signing
provide services contract to provide services
Entity signing contract to use [sn_dora_accel_m2m_entity_signSintogr_ecso tnhtera ecnt]tity signing
services contract to use services
Entity making use of services [sn_dora_accel_m2m_entity_usinSgt_osreersv tihcee] entity making use
of services
Intra-group contractual [sn_dora_accel_m2m_intra_groupS_tocroenst rtahcet ]intra-group
arrangements contractual arrangements
Third-party engagement [sn_dora_accel_m2m_third_partyS_teonregsa gtheem tehnirtd_-ppraorvtiyd ing_service]
signing contract to provide engagement signing
services contract to provide services
Third party signing contract to [sn_dora_accel_m2m_third_partyS_tporroevsi dthineg t_hsiredr vpicaert]y signing
provide services contract to provide services
Excel download/upload [sn_dora_accel_report] Stores the Excel download/
request upload request records
for DORA regulation
requirement.
ICT third-party service provider [sn_dora_accel_third_party] Stores the ICT third-party
service provider records
for DORA regulation
requirement.
ICT third-party engagement [sn_dora_accel_third_party_engaSgteomreesn tth]e ICT third-party
service provider engagement service
provider records for DORA
regulation requirement.
Digital resilience incident reporting reference
Reference topics provide additional information about the Digital resilience incident reporting
application, including the associated tables and roles.
Roles installed with Digital resilience incident reporting
Certain roles are installed with the Digital resilience incident reporting functionality.

| Role | Description |
| --- | --- |
| sn_dri_inc_rptg.digital_resilience_incident_adm | in Role for setting up administrative and Digital resilience incident activities. Users with this role can create and delete a few Operational Resilience activities and Digital resilience incident activities. A user with this role has the following permissions: •Create access to all cases •Read access to all cases •Write access to all cases |
| sn_dri_inc_rptg.digital_resilience_incident_man | ager Role for creating Operational Resilience and Digital resilience incident activities. Users with this role can create and delete a few Operational Resilience activities and Digital resilience incident activities. A user with this role has the following permissions: •Create access to all cases •Read access to all cases •Write access to the DRI case where the manager is assigned as an analyst |
| sn_dri_inc_rptg.digital_resilience_incident_use | r Role for participating in Operational Resilience and Digital resilience incident activities. Users with this role can create and delete a few Operational Resilience activities and Digital resilience incident activities. A user with this role has the following permissions: •Create access to all cases •Read access to all cases •Smart assessment actor access |

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |

Roles used with Digital resilience incident reporting
The following roles are used for reporting incidents with Digital resilience incident reporting.
Roles used with Digital resilience incident reporting
Role Description
sn_dri_inc_rptg.digital_resilience_incident_admin
Role for setting up administrative and Digital
resilience incident activities.
Users with this role can create and delete
a few Operational Resilience activities and
Digital resilience incident activities. A user with
this role has the following permissions:
•Create access to all cases
•Read access to all cases
•Write access to all cases
sn_dri_inc_rptg.digital_resilience_incident_manager
Role for creating Operational Resilience and
Digital resilience incident activities.
Users with this role can create and delete
a few Operational Resilience activities and
Digital resilience incident activities. A user with
this role has the following permissions:
•Create access to all cases
•Read access to all cases
•Write access to the DRI case where the
manager is assigned as an analyst
sn_dri_inc_rptg.digital_resilience_incident_user
Role for participating in Operational Resilience
and Digital resilience incident activities.
Users with this role can create and delete
a few Operational Resilience activities and
Digital resilience incident activities. A user with
this role has the following permissions:
•Create access to all cases
•Read access to all cases
•Smart assessment actor access
Script includes installed with Digital resilience incident reporting
Several Script includes are added to your instance with Digital resilience incident reporting.
Script includes used for Digital resilience incident reporting
Name Description
DriIncRptgUtils Contains common functions that are used
across various components of the DRI
application, such as business rules (BR),

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
|  | Script Actions, UI actions, and more. One important function within this module is getIntermediateDUE, which is used to modify the creation of intermediate report schedules. |
| DriIncRptgAjax | Contains functions that are used on the client side. It is a client-callable Script Include designed to provide important data to the client side. |
| DRIGenerateReport | Contains client-callable Script include that is used to generate or export Microsoft Excel files for reports. |
| DriIncRptgConstantsDriIncRptgConstants | Stores all constants for the DRI application. |
| DRIIncRptgResponseAutomation | Used for response automation, which automatically populates certain questions based on data from previous templates, incidents, or source records. |

| Table name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Action task [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_task] | Action tasks associated with the case. |
| Digital Resilience Incident [sn_grc_inc_rptg_case_task] | Incident reporting case task. The 'Regulatory reporting status' field on this table holds the Reportable/Not reportable/ Potentially reportable classification used to determine whether a report is generated. Note: The "Reporting status" field is now shown on the Details panel of the case form (or in the Regulation Mappings related list) and not in a separate "Reporting status" section in the Workspace view of the case. |
| Impacted area [sn_grc_case_mgmt_impacted_area] | Impacted area for the case. |
| Related area [sn_grc_case_mgmt_related_area] | Related area for the case. |
| Entities [sn_grc_inc_rptg_entities] | Entities used for Incident reporting. |

Script includes used for Digital resilience incident reporting (continued)
Name Description
Script Actions, UI actions, and more. One
important function within this module is
getIntermediateDUE, which is used to modify
the creation of intermediate report schedules.
DriIncRptgAjax Contains functions that are used on the
client side. It is a client-callable Script Include
designed to provide important data to the
client side.
DRIGenerateReport Contains client-callable Script include that
is used to generate or export Microsoft Excel
files for reports.
DriIncRptgConstantsDriIncRptgConstants Stores all constants for the DRI application.
DRIIncRptgResponseAutomation Used for response automation, which
automatically populates certain questions
based on data from previous templates,
incidents, or source records.
Tables installed with Digital resilience incident reporting
The tables installed with Digital resilience incident reporting are listed in this section.
Tables for Digital resilience incident reporting
Tables installed for Digital resilience incident reporting
Table name Description
Action task [sn_grc_case_mgmt_case_task] Action tasks associated with the case.
Digital Resilience Incident
[sn_grc_inc_rptg_case_task] Incident reporting case task.
The 'Regulatory reporting status' field on this
table holds the Reportable/Not reportable/
Potentially reportable classification used to
determine whether a report is generated.
Note: The "Reporting status" field
is now shown on the Details panel of
the case form (or in the Regulation
Mappings related list) and not in a
separate "Reporting status" section in
the Workspace view of the case.
Impacted area Impacted area for the case.
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_impacted_area]
Related area Related area for the case.
[sn_grc_case_mgmt_related_area]
Entities [sn_grc_inc_rptg_entities] Entities used for Incident reporting.